This document in accordance with GB / T 1.1 a 202 long standardization of working guidelines Part 1: standardization of the structure of the document and the provisions of the drafting rules benefit.
This file instead of GB18030 a 2005 information technology "Chinese encoded character set compared with GB18030 a 2005, in addition to structural adjustment and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows:
added to the scope of this document (see chapter 1),
10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components corresponding to the GB / I13000 code positions have been changed in the double-byte code area, with the exception of 6 repeated character components and 9 repeated characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB / T 13000 code locations changed in the four-byte code area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
The appendix "Additional Chinese characters and radicals / parts" has been removed. See Appendix 0 of the 2005 edition.
"Increases the level of realization" (see Gr.9);
Added an informational appendix "General specification character list; the code position of the discussion characters" See Appendix Diao.
Please note that some parts of this document may involve patents.Ã‚ The publisher of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document has been submitted by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
Previous versions of this document and the documents it replaces have been issued as follows:
A - 2000 first published as GB18030 a 2000, the first revision in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 a 2022
Character set [edit]
1 This document specifies graphic characters in Chinese and hexadecimal representations of even binary codes for use in information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of character information in Chinese and other graphic characters.
This document is applicable to technical products with Chinese and other text graphics character information processing and exchange functions, including but not limited to input method, optical character recognition (OCR), editing proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text transcription, Qiao Neng writing and other software products, as well as computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book reading Yi, learning machines and other products.
2 Regulatory citation documents
The content of the following documents constitutes an integral part of this document through normative references in the text.
Among them, the reference file of the date, only the version corresponding to the date applies to this document; the reference file without the date, its latest factory copy (including all modification orders) applies to this document.
GB / T 2312 a 1980 "Chinese character encoding character set for information exchange" Basic set
GB / I11383 a 1989 Information Processing "8-bit code structure and coding rules for information exchange
GB / Work 13000 Information Technology Universal 8-Bit Coded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terminology and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character character
An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encoding.
3.3 private use area
Users of products that comply with this document may specify their own areas.
3.4 Word repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by a set of encoded characters (3.2).
3.5 Reserve zone
Reserved for future use in this document.
GB 18030 a 2022
4 Words
4.1 General
Characters in this file are encoded in single byte, double word, or four-byte encodings.
The single-byte portion contains all 128 characters from GB / T 11383 to 1989 0x00 to 0x7F.
4.3 Dual-byte section
The double-byte portion contains all of the graphical characters from GB / T 2312 to 1980, as well as some of the CJK unified characters from GB / T 13000.
The character of the two-byte part is specified in Appendix A.
The graphics, code locations, and functions of the ideographic descriptors shall conform to the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB / T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Characters with unique abstract glyphs are assigned a separate code location; characters with different sources but the same abstract glyphs are assigned a common code location.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CCJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and South Korea.
4.4 Four-byte section
The four-byte portion contains 66 CJK unified characters from GB / T 13000 (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB), CJK unified characters expansion A, CJK unified characters expansion BCJK unified characters expansion C, CJK unified characters expansion DCJK unified characters expansion.
The characters in the four-byte part are specified in Appendix C.
5 General structure
Where the number is preceded by a 0x in the text, hexadecimal is used; where the number is not marked with a 0x, decimal is used.
In the appendix where the representation of the code is in hexadecimal, the representation of the other numbers are in decimal.
The single-byte part uses the encoding structure of GB / T 11383 a 1989, using 0x00 ~ 0x7F code point.
The double-byte Gong part uses two eight-bit binary bit strings to represent a character, with the first byte code point starting from 0x81-0xFE and the last byte code points 0x401-0x7E and 0x80-0xFE.
The four-byte part uses GB / work 11383 a 1989 not used 0x30 a 0x39 as the suffix for the expansion of the two-byte code, the code range is 0x81308130 a 0xFE39FE39.
The first character encoding range for a four-byte character is 0x81I 0xFE; the second character encoding range is 0x30I 0x39; the third byte encoding range is 0x81I 0xFE; the fourth character encoding range is 0x30I 0x39. That is: 0x81308130 0x81308139; 0x81308230 0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c "0URo 23061393 0xFE39FE30 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code range distribution are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
6 Sequence of characters
6.1 Single-word brush-part character order
Single-word partial characters are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB / I11383 to 1989.
6.2 Arrange order of characters in double-byte characters
The order of the lower part of the double letter should be in accordance with Appendix A.
6.3 Arrange order of characters in the four-character brush section
50,400 code points from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, corresponding to all GB / T 13000 characters in the Basic Multilingual Plane that are not included in the 2-byte section, in the order of the corresponding characters in the GB / T13000 Basic Multilingual Plane.
A total of 1058,400 code points from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 are used for the 16 auxiliary planes corresponding to GB / T 13000, and the characters are arranged exactly in the order of the corresponding code points of the 16 auxiliary planes corresponding to GB / T 13000.
The order of the four-byte partial characters should conform to Appendix C.
7 code point assignment
1. Allocation of code points in the single-word city section
The code points of the single-byte portion are assigned according to the rules of GB / T 11383 a 1989.
The single-byte code point allocation is shown in Figure 2.
2. The code point allocation of the two-character part
The code point arrangement of the two-byte part is divided into two parts 0x8140 ~ 0xFE7E and 0x8180 0xFEFE, a total of 23940 code points.
The two-byte code distribution is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
Dual-byte Zone 1: 846 code points
SS WA and RS Shuangning Section 3 6080 code point
First byte 0xA8 to 0xA9 Double byte 5: 192 bits
3. Diagram of the spatial structure of the binomial partial coding
Table 2 Code position arrangement of the double word sniffing part
Human code range
The code point distribution of the four-word brush part
The four-byte part contains Chinese characters and some minority characters.
The distribution of four-byte code points is shown in table 3.
The allocation of four-byte man-code points not specified in Table 3 is 6.3.
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the four-character hearing section
Code range
Table 3 Code Positions for the Four-Byte Part (Cont'd)
Code point range Number of code point digits
A total of 25200 code points from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined regions.
Other unoccupied four-byte code points are reserved for future file extensions.
8 Description of characters and codes
The glyphs and / or corresponding GB / TI 13000 code positions in some code positions have been adjusted in this document relative to GB18030 a 2005 (see Appendix D).
9.1 General provisions
This document provides for three levels of realization.
In line with the corresponding implementation level of the system software products, should provide the corresponding implementation level of all characters in the range of input and output function.
9.2 Realization level 1
The implementation level 1 text holds the CJK unified Chinese characters (0x82358F3310x82359636) and the CJK unified Chinese characters (0x8139EE3910x82358738) of the single-byte encoded part, the two-season encoded part, and the four-word coded part of this file.
Any product for which this document applies shall meet the requirements of Achieving Level 1.
Note: According to the needs of the software application, the implementation level 1 can also choose any one or more non-Chinese characters listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achievement level 2
Implementation level 2 contains implementation level 1.
In addition, the implementation level 2 also holds the encoded characters in the Universal Specification Character List that are not encapsulated in the actual level 1.
The code positions and glyphs of the characters in this document are shown in the appendix below.
System software and support software, should meet the requirements of implementation level 2.
Note: System software and text support software including but not limited to operating system, database management system. Middleware (software product classification information see GB / industry 36475).
9.4 Realization level 3
Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2.
In addition, the achievement level 3 also holds all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kang black head in table 3.
Products used for government and public services should meet the requirements for achieving level 3.
Note: Government services and common services industries include, but are not limited to, the railway transport industry, road transport industry\ water transport industry, air transport industry, multimodal transport and transportation agency industry, postal industry, monetary and financial services, insurance industry, land, management industry, health, state institutions, social security, etc.
Appendix A (normative)
Double-letter character list
A.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes for double-byte encoded characters, as well as the GB / T 13000 code locations for that character.
A.2 Description of the table
Examples are as follows:
First byte Second byte Low bit
Dual-byte Zone 3
Second byte high bit GBCT13000 code position
Appendix B (Regulatory)
Ideographic descriptor
This appendix contains the 13 ideographic descriptors specified in the GB / TI 13000 specification and gives a graphical representation of them.
See table B.1 for details.
Table B.1 Graphic, Code Location, and Function Descriptions of Ideographic Descriptors
The code point of this file GB / T 13000 code point function description is similar and varies, used to express foreign words by a word
Left-right structure
Upper and lower structure
Left center-right structure
Upper, middle and lower structure
Fully enclosed structure
Back to the Envelope
Back to the Envelope
Back-to-right enclosing structure
Back to the bottom right
Back left bottom enclosing structure
Back to Top Envelope
Leased set structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-letter alphabet
C.1 Content of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters, as well as the GB / TI 13000 code for that character, but the position, other parts of the glyphs are omitted.
Explanation of table C.2
Appendix D (Information)
Description of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB / T 13000 code locations
B 18030 a 2005 specifies 10 vertical punctuation and 8 Chinese characters component in the GB / I13000 temporary code positions, these code positions are adjusted in this file, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Adjusted code mapping (continued)
This file and GB 18030 a 2005 GB 18030 a 2005 Corresponding to this file Corresponding to the GB / T work 13000 code point
D.2 6 Chinese characters deleted in the Shuangjiaowu area
Table D.2 Code Location and Reserved Glyphs
D.3 9 CJK compatible characters deleted in the double word area
This file removes 9 CJK characters from GB / TI 13000, which are included in GB18030 a 2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 Removed 9 CJK Compatible Characters and Their Code Positions
Addendum Open (Data) "General Specification Chinese Character List" Code position of Chinese characters
This document contains all 8105 standard Chinese characters from the Four Standard Chinese Characters List approved and published by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. The code positions and glyphs of these characters are shown in Table 1.
The order of the Chinese characters in the table is the same as the order of the standard Chinese characters in the 4 Common Standard Chinese Characters List, the number 1 The 3500 Chinese characters in the serial number 1 are the first level of Chinese characters, the number 3501 The 6500 Chinese characters in the serial number 1 are the second level of Chinese characters, the number 6501 The 8105 Chinese characters in the serial number 1 are the third level of Chinese characters.
Table E.1 Glyphs and Code Positions of Chinese Characters in the General Standard Chinese Character List
GB / Work 4754 National Economic Industry Classification
GB / Engineering 36475 Software Product Category
State Council of the People's Republic of China (2013).
This manual page is taken from the full documentation of the GNU C Compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone voluntarily maintains a EURO file, the Info file is the authoritative document.
If you find a conflict between the manual page and the software, please check Info
If we find that the contents of this manual page are out of date and cause obvious confusion and complaints, we will stop publishing it. There is no other way to update the man manual like updating the Info file at the same time, because other maintenance work on GNU cc does not give us time to do this. The GNU Project considers the man manual to be obsolete and should be used elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, please consult the Info file 'gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft & / HAIZE # H GNU CC 2.0) manual, both from the original Texinfo file gee.texinfo.
DESCRIPTION The C and C + + compilers are integrated. They both process input files in one or more of four steps: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking).
The source file's post-level name identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the post-sui name controls the default settings:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c file and sets the connection in the form c,
g + + considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c + + file, and sets the connection in the form c + +.
The post-level name of the source file indicates the language type and subsequent actions:
.c C source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C + + source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C + + source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.CXX C + + source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i preprocessed c files; compilation, assembly
.ii preprocessed c + + files; compilation, assembly
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Assembly language source code; preprocessing, assembly
.h preprocessor files; files that do not normally appear on the command line with other post-names are passed to the linker.
.0 Object file
.a Archive file (Archive file)
The connection is always the last step unless the -cec, -s, or -E option is used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process).
In the connection phase, all .e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, unrecognized file names (including specified .o H tag files and .a library files) are passed to the connector options (OPTIONS) in the order they are in the command line.
Options must be given separately: de 'is completely different from' -d -r '.
Most of the '- = E: and' -W 'options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Only the formats that are not the default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, explained in the following chapters.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Make it clear that the language of the subsequent input file is language (rather than the default choice that follows the filename).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next '-x' option is encountered.
Turn off any explicit specification of the language, thus depending on the filename after processing the subsequent file RE AS E '-x' option).
Note that some combinations of options (e.g., '-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF = c Compiling or compiling source files, ETER.ERA ATI By default, GCC can tell geo where to start by using the '-x' option (or Ah after the filename), and where to end by using the '~ -c', '-s', or '-E' option.
The target document.
After the compilation stops, no assembly is performed.
Pipelines are used between different stages of the compilation process, as assemblers on those systems cannot read data from the pipeline, GNU's assemblers do not have this problem, and assemblers can accept C "dialects": support for C programs conforming to the ANSI standard.
This will disable some of the key features of GNU Cc that are incompatible with ANSI Cc, as well as features such as unix and vax, which indicate that the standard library is suitable and rarely used, and disable the use of the main function, which returns an int, typically for almost all programs except the kernel.
For function declarations without arguments, such as' int foo (); ', it is handled in a C style -- that is, the number or type of arguments is not specified. (C + + only).
Normally, such a function foo in C + + means that the argument is empty.
From here, the section list was cut to try to support some aspects of the traditional C compiler.
For the NU c manual, we have removed the details so that when the content is out of date, people will not be HERI.
For C + + programs (not C), the '-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing assignment to this.
It is the same as the result of the '-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp tries to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
In particular, the preprocessor is mentioned above, but not the other effects of the '-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of '$' characters in identifiers (C + + only).
You can specify the -Efno-dollars-in-identifiers option to explicitly disallow the use of the '$' character.
(GNU C + + allows the '$' character on some target systems by default, but not on all systems.)
-fenum-int-equiv Allows an implicit conversion (MEF c + +) of ant types to enumeration types.
Normally GNU C + + allows conversion from enum to int, not vice versa.
For example: -fexternal- - templates generates smaller code (limited to c + +) for template declarations, by making only one copy of each template function where they are defined.
To successfully use this option, you must tag '# pragma implementatio' (definition) or '# Pragma interface' (declaration) in all files that use templates.
When a program is compiled with '-fexternal-templates', the template instances are all of the external type. You must make the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved by typedef, which refers to each instance needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option '-fno-exteznal-templates' is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set to built-in.
All member functions (except for the constructor subfunction and the mnew or delete member operator) are considered virtual functions of the class they belong to.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will pass through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; this is the case.
-fcond-mismatch Allows the type of the second and third arguments of a conditional expression to be mismatched.
The value of this expression is Void. -fthis- -is-variable Allows assignment to this (for c + + only).
After merging the user-defined free storage management mechanism into C + +, the assignable 'this' appears out of place.
So, by default, this assignment is not valid inside a class member function.
However, for backwards compatibility, you can use the '-fthis-is-variable' option to make this work.
-funsigned-char Defines char as an unsigned char.
Various machines have their own default char type. It may be unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz when it depends on the symbolic nature of the data.
But many programs have been written to use only simple char, and this is a signed number (or an unsigned number, depending on the machine on which the program is written).
This option, and its anti-semantic options, make the program work on the corresponding default values.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly the same as one of them.
If the 'signed' or 'unsigned' modifier is not explicitly declared, these options are used to define a bitfield or unsigned bit field.
By default, bit fields are signed because they inherit a primitive integer type such as int, which is a signed number; however, if the '-traditional' option is specified, bit fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings Stores string constants to writable data segments, and does not treat them differently.
This is in order to be compatible with some old programs, they calculate string constants is a very bad idea, the '-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
Impact of COVID-19 on the Drug Market
The impact may be similar to that of the 2008 economic crisis
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has stretched health services to the point of collapse, and restrictive measures imposed by Governments have caused serious disruption in the global economy.
For the drug market, the impact of the epidemic is unknown and difficult to predict, but it is likely to be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers who are unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the ability of Governments to respond may be hampered.
The shift brought about by COVID-19 is unprecedented, but there are lessons to be learned from previous crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug addicts began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and shifted their use patterns to injecting drugs.
At the same time, Governments have cut drug-related budgets.
Interventions such as the prevention of drug use and associated risk behaviours and drug treatment services could be hard hit if Governments responded in the same way to the current economic downturn.
In addition, interdiction operations and international cooperation may be given lower priority, making it easier for traffickers to act.
Drug trafficking is expected to have the greatest direct impact in countries where large quantities of drugs are smuggled by commercial flights.
Synthetic drugs, such as methamphetamine, are carried by couriers in carry-on bags or hidden in private luggage, sometimes in large quantities, and the use of commercial air travel for the supply of drugs may be completely disrupted owing to restrictions on air travel in almost all regions.
Despite disruptions to the international postal supply chain, trafficking through the dark web and the mailing of goods is likely to increase.
In the long term, the economic downturn and related closure measures could disrupt the drug market.
As a result of rising unemployment and the lack of opportunities, the poor and vulnerable will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, develop drug use disorders and turn to illegal drug-related activities, whether production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation by providing services to vulnerable populations and recruiting new members to augment their ranks.
As the Government & apos; s response capacity declines, these shifts may quickly take root as a new reality in many communities.
Expansion and Complexity
Market Growth
Population growth patterns partly explain market expansion
Drug abuse has been increasing worldwide, both in terms of overall numbers and in terms of the proportion of people who use drugs in the world population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, representing 4.8 per cent of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018, there were an estimated 269 million drug users, representing 5.3 per cent of that population.
During the past two decades, drug use in developing countries has grown much faster than in developed countries.
This partly reflects the difference in overall population growth over the period, from 7 per cent in developed countries to 28 per cent in developing countries, but also reflects the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
During the period 2000-2018, the population of this age group increased by 16 per cent in developing countries, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10 per cent.
1 Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets
Drug use is higher in urban than in rural areas in both developed and developing countries.
The overall increase in drug use is due in part to the massive rural-urban migration, which currently accounts for more than half of the world & apos; s population living in urban areas, compared with 34 per cent in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of drug markets, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
The increase in wealth is associated with an increase in drug use, but the burden of disease is borne most by the poorest people worldwide, with drug use being more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine have stronger links with the more affluent regions of the world.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthier segments of society.
However, the rate of transition to drug use disorders is higher among persons of lower socio-economic status.
Data from a few countries indicate a link between harmful patterns of drug use and symptoms and low income.
These patterns appear to be less common in the more affluent segments of society.
The economic constraints resulting from the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks for the most vulnerable, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labour market, such as rising unemployment, had in the past been associated with an increase in drug use, and the epidemic had already forced tens of millions of people around the world to lose their jobs.
A pandemic that would lead to a further expansion of the drug market could lead to more farmers or engaging in illicit crop cultivation, either because the control capacity of State authorities is reduced or because more people may have to take the risk of engaging in illicit activities in the context of the economic crisis.
Constraints related to new coronary pneumonia have led to a reduction in air and land traffic, which may have increased trafficking by sea, with a lower risk of interception by sea and a higher volume of smuggling than by air or land.
There have recently been reports of cocaine consignments being shipped directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of substances not under international control is stable, but potentially harmful new types of opioids are proliferating and the drug market is becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control, and the non-medical use of drugs has also increased rapidly.
There are approximately 500 new active substances on the domestic market of Member States each year.
Most of them are now stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and small quantities of opioids.
While the overall quantity of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportions have changed.
New psychoactive substances for opioids accounted for only 2 per cent of the total number of new psychoactive substance types identified in 2014, but by 2018 that figure had risen to 9 per cent.
Many of the new psychoactive substances in opioids are analogues of fentanyl, and their efficacy and harm have been demonstrated to cause excess deaths in North America and, to a lesser extent, in other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used either as an adulterant in heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, or in the manufacture of counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is some evidence that new psychoactive substance stimulants are also injected in Europe: a study of remnants of discarded syringes in six European cities found that many of the syringes were contaminated with new psychoactive substances with stimulating effects. & quot;
2 The use of new psychoactive substances may become increasingly entrenched among vulnerable groups
A single class of new psychoactive substances has almost never created a large market.
However, evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two States reported on the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, most of which identified synthetic cannabinoids as a major challenge.
Control of precursor chemicals has forced drug producers to innovate. Many of the chemicals most often used as precursors in the synthesis of drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine and & quot; ecstasy & quot; have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and drug producers have been looking for alternatives not only to less regulated substances, but also to chemicals specifically designed to circumvent controls, the so-called & quot; engineered precursors & quot;.
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to further squeeze drug producers dependent on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this has become a reality: in March 2020, a shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia was reported to have contributed to an increase in the price of methamphetamine in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing fast
Replacement of opiates with synthetic drugs in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiate markets in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appear to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opiates intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation decreased by about 80 per cent, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use decreased significantly.
But the stimulant market seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including mephedrone and a-pyrrolidone, are now widely available on the Russian drug market.
The Russian authorities reported that the number of clandestine laboratories manufacturing various illicit drugs that had recently been seized had risen sharply, more than doubling in two years, to 152 laboratories in 2018.
Growth in the methamphetamine market in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystalline methamphetamine has become another major drug of concern beyond Captagon and tramadol.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users stating that cannabis is more difficult to obtain than "phentermine" or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities uncovered several methamphetamine laboratories, and the Board has expressed concern about the large imports of pseudoephedrine preparations, which are used as precursors by methamphetamine laboratories.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacture appears to have started in 2014.
Seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily increasing since then.
Seizures in the first half of 2019, however, amounted to 1 ^ 657 kg - a sharp increase from the previous year.
Large seizures of methamphetamine believed to originate in Afghanistan in other countries also indicate that production in that country is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions legalizing non-medical use of cannabis show a trend towards increased use of cannabis
Manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use was permitted in 11 jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States.
In most of those jurisdictions, cannabis use had increased since legalization, although a similar trend had been observed in other jurisdictions where non-medical use of cannabis had not been legalized.
In the first two states in the United States, Colorado and Washington, non-medical use of cannabis by adults has increased, particularly over the past month and on a daily or almost daily basis, and has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show an increase in cannabis use in Uruguay since 2011, with use almost doubling in the previous month.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also indicate that use is increasing as the legal market expands between 2018 and 2019.
However, in 2019, 40 per cent of cannabis users still had access to certain products from illicit sources.
Is the legalization of cannabis the reason behind the plunge in global cannabis herb seizures?
In 2018, global seizures of cannabis herb fell to their lowest level in 20 years, owing to a decline in seizures in North America, which fell by 84 per cent over the past 10 years.
In contrast, seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled over the same period, and seizure patterns suggest that policies aimed at liberalizing the cannabis market played a key role in the decline.
Regulation of new psychoactive substances appears to have a deterrent effect. The effectiveness of domestic regulation of new psychoactive substances remains difficult to assess.
Some countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances have shown different prevalence rates for the use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances had decreased as a result of the adoption of domestic legislation.
Vulnerable groups face harm from licit and illicit drug markets Pharmaceutical opioids for pain management and palliative care are unevenly distributed across regions, mainly in high-income countries.
In 2018, more than 90 per cent of all pharmaceutical opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12 per cent of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88 per cent of the global population, but consume less than 10 per cent of pharmaceutical opioids.
Obstacles to access to pharmaceutical opioids are linked to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescription practices.
Poor people are at greater risk of drug use disorders In 2018, about 35.6 million people had drug use disorders.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization can increase the risk and exacerbate the consequences of drug use disorders, as evidenced by studies in high-income countries in which individuals & apos; adverse socio-economic trajectories are associated with the risk of drug use disorders not only with their condition at a given point in time.
Drug use disorders also contribute to the vicious cycle of disadvantage by deepening socioeconomic disadvantage and further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, which may also be associated with stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and migrants, sexual diversity groups, persons displaced by armed conflict or disaster and persons in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug use disorders or experience problems in accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of years of healthy life lost as a result of disability and premature death, the impact of harmful drug use on wider society has increased over the past 10 years.
Between 2007 and 2018, the global number of disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17 per cent.
The increase in disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) associated with liver cancer due to untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, is particularly high - up to 40 per cent.
The complex relationship between drugs and violence makes it difficult to establish all causal relationships between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
The limited data available globally suggest that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a greater role than drugs.
While drug use may lead to crime, in some cases the link can be partly attributed to multiple mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment and peer influence.
The links between drug trafficking and violence are multifaceted.
Large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, can be carried out without violence if stable criminal structures are in place.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depend less on the volume of trafficking than on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illicit market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals and law enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
Recent trends
Cannabis use is the most commonly used substance, with opioids the most harmful
An estimated 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most used drug globally.
In comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
However, the harm associated with opioids has been neglected due to the small number of users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017, 66 per cent were caused by such substances and 50 per cent of the 21 million years of life believed to have been lost as a result of disability or premature death from drug use were caused by such substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates the public health crisis
In West, Central and North Africa, the opioid crisis was exacerbated by tramadol and in North America by fentanyl, two regions that had little in common in terms of economy, demographics or general patterns of drug use but were struggling to combat the opioid crisis fuelled by easily available and low-cost substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids, such as fentanyl, has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths over the past 20 years.
In 2018, two thirds of the 67,367 excess deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Similar results were reported by Canada, although the figures were lower.
Fentanyl causes overdose deaths in part because of the unpredictable effects of fentanyl on the illicit drug market.
In West, Central and North Africa, the non-medical market for tramadol has grown significantly.
In the region, a growing number of patients with tramadol use disorders are receiving treatment.
In 2017, the amount of tramadol intercepted globally increased significantly, peaking at over 125 tons.
In 2018, however, global seizures fell to 32 tons following the adoption of a new law regulating tramadol in India.
The crisis in both places is due to the simplicity and low cost of manufacture, as well as the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogues or their precursors.
The crisis in both places is exacerbated by the fact that these substances are available on both the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making their abuse more difficult to detect and prevent.
Growing use of stimulants
The field of stimulants is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are increasing in use in their main markets.
In 2018, about 19 million people used cocaine because of its popularity in North America and Western Europe.
In the same year, about 27 million people used amphetamines, of which methamphetamine was the most used amphetamine-type stimulant in South-East Asia and North America.
According to most available indicators, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions for the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting for each other, so that when the use of one drug increases, the use of the other decreases, sometimes simultaneously increasing and decreasing to meet the demand of the same market.
Neocoronitis increases the risk for people who inject drugs
It is estimated that about 11.3 million people injected drug use in 2018 and that about 10 per cent of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million people who inject drugs are living with HIV and 5.5 million people are living with hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug use, half of them from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, which remains largely untreated among injecting drug users.
The shortage of opioids as a result of restrictive measures against COVID-19 may lead users to substitute more readily available substances, such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injections or inject more frequently, more harmful patterns of use may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset
Terms of Use
Product introduction
Please read this instruction manual carefully before using the product and keep it in a safe place.
The ears are attached to the front of the head, and the ears are attached to the back of the head.
01 Wear headphones
The ears should be placed in a straight line, and the ears should be kept straight.
When talking on the phone, the headset microphone can be pointed at the mouth to make the call clearer.
Please pay attention to the adjustment of the headset exposure microphone
Before charging, please remove the left and right headphones and charge the charging case and headphones.
Plug in the charging cable to charge the headset and charging case at the same time.
The red light on the charging case is not fully charged and the charging case is fully charged: the 3 indicator lights go out.
For example, if the battery is fully charged, the battery is fully charged, the battery is fully charged, and the battery is fully charged.
02 Charging opening and closing
The headphone is in the charging case, and the headphone is automatically turned on from the charging case.
The device is not in the charging case and is turned off, and the multi-function key is pressed for about 1 second (the white light is lit for 1 second).
Press for about 1 second.
White light for 1 second
Shutdown
Put in the charging case and the headphone will automatically turn off.
When on, press the multi-function key for about 5 seconds (red light for 2 seconds)
Press for about 5 seconds.
Red Light 2
03 Start using
Automatic connection: The bureau moves two headphones from the charging box to the outside of the ten.
Two gothic automatic opening, white light.
Then the red and white lights return to the sixth.
Turn on the device and search for "RedmIArDots2" and click Finish.
After the first connection, the device can be automatically connected back to the previous pairing (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headset back in the charging case.
Power on for about 1 second
Headphone indicator
Single-ear / binaural switch freely; the connection of the two headphones is a two-inch connection; put one of the headphones back into the charging case shut down, the other headset into the one-ear mode, re-remove can automatically restore the two-ear mode.
Manual connection: when the headset is turned off, the two headphones manual power-on. White light is on, followed by a flash of red and white light, left and right headphone automatically in series, left / right headphone white light flashes slowly, turn on the device Bluetooth search connection.
Headphone reset
If the headset does not connect properly, follow the instructions below to reset it.
For example, if the battery is turned off and the battery is turned on, the battery is turned off and the battery is turned on, the battery is turned off, the battery is turned off, and the battery is turned on.
04 Product accessories, user interface, and other illustrations in the manual are schematics for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the schematic.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianhai Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi chain enterprise)
Address: Chongqing Tongliang District Pulu Street Industrial Avenue No. 60
Telephone: 400-100-5678
For more information, please contact:
Song of the Year: V10reae
Functional points
The following functions can be operated on the left and right headsets, tap to answer the phone when calling; call or go to the phone; when hanging up the phone music, play / pause the audio, long press release about 1 second
When you call, when you refuse the call, switch to the headset / mobile phone listening instructions Double-click
During call, start / stop mute mode
Voice assistant on standby (requires the device to support voice and enable fast wake-up)
Answer a second call and switch calls
When there is a new call in a phone call, click the function key to hold the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the function key to switch between the two calls.
Basic parameters
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 Wireless Bluetooth Headset
Product Model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of headphones
Product Dimensions: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43 mAh (single headphone)
Input parameters: 5V two 100mA
Single ear net weight: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free air environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP / A2DP / HSP / AVRCP
Talk time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Notes
Warning
1 Do not disassemble for any reason. Repair or modify the headphones, otherwise it may cause fire or even complete damage to this product;
2 Do not place the device in an environment of too low or too high temperature;
3 Avoid the eyes of children or animals when using the device indicator.
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorm weather, thunderstorm can lead to abnormal equipment work and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquid to wipe the product;
6 Do not contact this product with liquids.
Note
1.If the product is not used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 must choose regular manufacturers through the national CCC certified charger
3 continuous use of headphones for a long time impaired hearing, please control the use of time and volume;
4 Use earphones to reduce your sensitivity to outside sounds. Do not use headphones in an environment that may threaten your safety.
Charging case basic parameters
Product Dimensions: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 a 500 mA
Output parameters: 5V a 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery wear: 300 mAh
Type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset products after-sales service strict
According to the People's Republic of China consumer rights and interests protection law, the People's Republic of China product quality law for the implementation of after-sales service, the service content is as follows:
I. Warranty Policy
1 Since you sign the next day within 7 days, the product appears "Redmi AirDots true wireless Bluetooth headset product performance failure table" listed performance failure, by millet service center detection determined, you can enjoy the return or exchange service for free;
2 Since you sign the next day 8 days -15 days, the product appears "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E failure table" listed performance failure, by millet service center detection confirmed, can
3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign the receipt, this product appears "Redmi ArDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product performance failure table" listed performance failure, by millet service center detection and determination, can enjoy free maintenance services.
A Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Trouble Table
Name Performance Failure
1 No sound is heard during use.
During the second half of the episode, the two are unable to hear each other.
I can't charge.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, carelessness, petty, into the liquid, accident, change, incorrect use of non-product parts or tear, painted modified labels, security marks;
2 Has exceeded the validity of three packs;
3. Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Failure of performance listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table
5 Due to human causes, this product and its accessories have performance failure listed in "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table."
Name and content of hazardous substances in products
Hazardous substances are specified in this table according to SJ / T 11364.
O: means that the harmful substances in all the homogeneous material content of the part are in GB / T 26572 provisions of the limit below the requirements.
European Union Summit on Refugee Policy Debate, EU Officials: Bottlenecks in the Acceptance Process - China.com
EU officials: Every step of the reception process is a bottleneck
At the latest EU summit, European Commission President Von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration as a way to make it easier to deport illegal immigrants, according to AFP on February 10.
The EU's move is reportedly a response to growing concerns about illegal immigration in Europe, where the core problem today is that the number of illegal immigrants who end up being repatriated is small.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize substantial EU funds" to strengthen external borders, including through infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU has been arguing with member States over issues such as the payment of fence fees.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not cover the costs.
But diplomats from some member states say that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers, and other infrastructure along the external border, it would free up national budgets and thus speed up the construction process.
According to Euractiv, EU officials acknowledged that there were bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process, that limited reception capacity and overburdened immigration authorities in member states were unable to prevent refugees from submitting "numerous" asylum applications in EU countries, and that the EU's refugee reception system was in a near-" permanent crisis. "
The European Commission estimates that the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half that of the previous year.
Meanwhile, the European Union recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
Against this background, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can return illegal migrants to their home countries on the basis of a court decision in another member state.
In addition, EU leaders have reportedly agreed to "increase the use of the safe state concept," which will open the way for the EU to develop a common list.
(Source: Global Times, author: Ruifei Niu)
US upgrade "chip war" hit the global semiconductor industry - ChinaNews.com
Recently, the US "chip war" with China has escalated - first the Netherlands and Japan agreed, under pressure from the US, to impose controls on the export of Chinese semiconductor manufacturing equipment; then foreign media reported that the US government is considering cutting all ties between US suppliers and Huawei and prohibiting US suppliers from supplying any products to Huawei; and the Biden administration is preparing to issue an executive order restricting US investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries.
In recent years, the US has never stopped attacking the development of China's "core," while precisely cracking down on the semiconductor supply chain to China and building a "de-Sinicization" semiconductor industry chain alliance in an attempt to "get rid of" China completely in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is by coalescing South Korea into a "technology alliance," establishing a "quadrilateral alliance" of chips with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, or creating a "small circle" of semiconductor chains through mechanisms such as the "quadrilateral mechanism" between the United States, Japan, India, and Australia, or the "Indo-Pacific economic framework," the US is introducing the semiconductor industry through politicization, commercialization, and weaponization in an attempt to build a closed supply chain cycle led by the US.
However, the United States' highly publicized "core tactic" against China was to "damage the enemy by one thousand and eight hundred."
Recently, Pan Lin Group, a well-known US chip-manufacturing equipment supplier, announced that it will lay off 1,300 full-time employees and plan to lay off 1,400 temporary employees over the next two quarters, in response to the latest round of export bans on chip-manufacturing equipment to China.
The global photolithography giant Dutch Asmaa Holdings recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to an increase in the price of semiconductors.
According to US media analysis, many US companies, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, and chip manufacturers themselves, have been harmed by the US government's brutal crackdown on China's chip and semiconductor industries.
The United States claims that it is cracking down on China's advanced semiconductor industry, but it is dragging down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-technology and knowledge-intensive industry that has long formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professional estimates, the entire production process of semiconductor products takes more than 70 times across national borders, over 100 days, based on specialization.
Although the US semiconductor industry has a strong base, it has a weak manufacturing capacity, especially in advanced process technology, and is heavily dependent on the East Asian region.
Even as the US tries to steer the supply chain of advanced chips toward the US-led regionalization of "small circles," the regional distribution and interdependence of the world's semiconductor-related industries will be hard to change.
The United States has aggressively "reshaped" and "de-Chinaized" the semiconductor industry, devastating the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry requires the participation of all countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, such as the Innovation and Competition Act, the US Competition Act of 2022, and the Chips and Science Act, which use technological hegemony to strengthen the country's technological leadership, and "envy" to allies, forcing Intel, TSMC, Samsung, and other chip manufacturers to set up factories in the United States, striving to secure the United States' global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the US did create problems and reap real benefits for China's chip and related industries.
But, in the long run, the hysteria of the US cracking down on China's chip industry, forcing it to break through and lose its huge Chinese market, will ultimately undermine the willingness and ability of US technology companies to innovate, and undermine the global chip industry.
Gaucho
The first batch of personal pension management products can be sold for a minimum of 360 days
The first personal pension management products on sale
Home 7 products of the body optional minimum can hold only 360 days
Personal pension management products are finally online.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the first list of personal pension management products, and seven personal pension management products of ICBC management, agricultural bank management, and China Post management were officially released.
At this point, the "shelf" of personal pension accounts has finally collected four types of personal pension savings, personal pension management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public funds.
According to the introduction, the first personal pension wealth management products are all public class net value open products, of which 5 new products, 2 surviving products, except for one product is a mixture of products, the other 6 products are fixed income products.
The minimum holding period was 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, and the corresponding performance comparison benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70% -4.20%, 4.10% -4.60%, 4.40% -4.90%, and 5.25% -5.75%.
The remaining new product is "Postal and silver wealth added to the shortest holding 1095 days 1," which is also a fixed income product, which started on February 10, and ended on February 19, with a risk level of 2.
Among the two surviving products, one is only the agricultural bank financial management "agricultural bank concentric Â· smart move" 360 days of scientific and technological innovation Renminbi financial products, the nature of investment is mixed, risk level is three.
The first issue of the magazine, titled "The Greatest Hits of All Time," was released on January 1, 2014, and the second issue, titled "The Greatest Hits of All Time," was released on January 1, 2014.
According to the Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pensions, personal pension fund account funds can be invested in financial products such as banking, savings and deposits, commercial pension insurance, public funds, etc.
The first personal pension fund products were launched, marking the official purchase of personal pension fund products by individual pension fund investors.
In November last year, the CSRC formulated the Interim Measures for the Administration of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Money Management Companies.
The Measures provide that participants may purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension financial products, personal pension insurance products and personal pension public fund products through personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Welfare, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a circular stating that the individual pension system would be launched in 36 cities and regions, including Beijing, Tianjin, Shijiazhuang, Xiong & apos; an New District and Jincheng in Shanxi Province.
By the end of 2022, 19.54 million individuals had participated in individual pensions, 6.13 million had paid contributions, and the total amount of contributions was RMB 14.2 billion.
Previously, participating banks listed only three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products, and personal pension funds.
Now that personal pension products are available, what choices should investors make?
According to the National Institute of Health (NIAH), there are three types of health insurance products: Medicare, Medicaid, Medicaid and Medicaid.
One is robustness, with more robust risk management mechanisms, more robust investment strategies and concepts, and independent trusteeship of non-parent banks.
The second is long-term, with the duration of the pilot phase of the pension management products being five years or more, and the personal pension management products to be issued in the next phase having a minimum holding period of one year in principle, with a minimum holding period of three years or more being encouraged.
The price of the product varies from $1 to $0.01, depending on the type of product and the price of the product.
Professionals point out that investors choose according to the characteristics of the product and their risk tolerance.
Individual pension savings have the characteristics of long maturities, high interest rates and high safety, suitable for people with low risk tolerance; individual pension insurance products are more suitable for people who cannot afford investment risks and can accept stable returns; while individual pension wealth management products and public fund products do not guarantee capital or returns, have certain investment risks, but the expected returns are higher, suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Text / Jie Cheng / Haibo Chi
Fitness industry should get out of the crisis of confidence - china.com
Another Big Gym "Thunder"?
Recently, the issue of protecting the rights of healthy members in well-known fitness facilities has attracted social attention.
Many of the members found that their stores did not operate normally after the Spring Festival, and rumors about the closure of the agency caused panic among the members, which led to the intervention of the public security and human society departments.
In the end, the organization's leaders responded by promising to work to protect the legitimate rights and interests of its employees and members.
When some of the stores of individual fitness facilities have run into operational problems and are temporarily closed, and consumers can sit back and wait for the problem to be solved, why do so many members "first reaction is" something bad. "
Behind the controversy over the rights of health club members is the deep problem of a crisis of trust in the industry.
Domestic traditional gyms generally adopt a prepaid model, and "making money that users don't get" is the underlying logic of their development.
In order to obtain cash flow by pre-selling membership cards, new stores are opened constantly, and it seems that the circulation can be repeated, but it is not possible to create a stable profit pattern.
Negative messages from the industry, such as running gyms, have a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From a market perspective, the gym is certainly a good business with a "money trail."
The track has always been a capital concern, even though it has risen and fallen.
Many studies have shown that the consumption of food and beverages is increasing, and the market continues to warm.
Specifically, in the fitness market, with the steady improvement in the living standards of the population, the concept of healthy living has taken root in people & apos; s minds, and the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to focus on the quality of development.
However, individual institutions were blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the consumer recovery, and had just emerged from the crisis, blowing the trumpet to open up new territory, and invested a portion of the financing in the construction of new stores.
In the past few years, there has been a resurgence of interest in the industry, and many companies have been forced to relocate or relocate to a new location.
However, in order to enter a virtuous cycle of fitness market development, the industry must change the traditional model and change the business strategy.
Only by making steady progress and rebuilding consumer trust and security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Rather than building a new store to dominate the market, the fitness industry now needs to calm down to optimize services and secure users with high quality development.
First, it is important to retain users through services.
It is a service industry that insists on "user orientation," focusing on user needs and focusing on service quality improvement.
Second, digital transformation will enhance the user experience.
For example, the popular Internet Gym model allows users to pay on a pay-per-use basis and choose a venue.
At the same time, physical data and exercise data can be effectively used to meet social needs, enabling a complete service loop from online to offline.
Without private marketing, and without huge annual cards, users "concerns about the" run-of-the-mill "of fitness facilities are reduced, and trust is increased.
There is also a need to actively explore a variety of business models.
Today, sports consumption has shifted from a single service to scenario consumption, and the health club is expected to become a new entrance to consumption, and peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment required for fitness will become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buying the Difference!
Reproduction of the property market in Nanjing "difference payment" - ä¸­æ–°ç½‘
According to the New York Times, the New York Times reported that the New York Times reported that the "New York Times" and the New York Times reported that the "New York Times" and the New York Times reported that the "New York Times" and the New York Times reported that the "New York Times" and the New York Times reported that the "New York Times" and the New York Times reported that the "New York Times" and the "New York Times" were "not the same."
There can be a number of conditions for a "premium agreement."
The property in Jiangbei New District is called Poly Yangzi Suyuntai, and the house watchman, Mr. Sun, told reporters that he found a "statement" while walking around the property last weekend.
For example, in the case of a property purchased between 1 February and 28 February, the purchaser of the property is entitled to a refund of the difference in the price of the property if the price of the property is less than the price of the property purchased in the previous period (limited to other unsold properties of the same type, in the same building, in the same unit and in the same property).
According to Mr. Sun, the real estate consultant said that it was a "price insurance agreement" in fact, the purpose is to make the buyer feel safe, do not worry about the development of the company's price reduction promotion, "I am afraid that it will be reduced when I buy it, I will not go to the sales office and I will not be able to do it."
Many homebuyers believe that the "premium agreement" is a "pill" for homebuyers, but the terms are not too low.
According to the New York City Department of Housing and Urban Development, the price of a home is the same as the price of a home, and the price of a home is the same as the price of a home.
Some buyers also argue that because of the asymmetry of information, the sale does not exclude the granting of additional concessions, making it difficult for buyers to "defend their rights."
It remains to be seen if buyers will be retained
Reporters in Nanjing online real estate inquiries learned that the property was sold in November last year for a total of 252 apartments in the two buildings of the chief, housing area of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., all renovated and sold at an average price of 39,843 yuan / m2.
However, more than two months later, online real estate showed that the total number of unsold units in the current property was 157, or 62.3%, of which the total number of unsold units in Building 8 was 128, or 113, and the total number of unsold units in Building 7 was 44, or 33, or 13%.
It was also announced that a "free" version of the game would be released in Japan in 2008.
In August of that year, in order to attract the attention of buyers, Hengtang West Park on the Hexi Huangshan Road, introduced the "Insurance Plan," the specific content of which is "the company solemnly promises that if the preferential margin of the project is expanded within a year, the resulting difference will be refunded to the old owner."
In April 2011, nine properties in Nanjing pledged to pay the "difference payment."
"The market is warming up," he said, "and now we need a strong shot."
According to Mr. Shen, a senior trader in the Nanjing real estate industry, the "premium agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of housing companies.
He argues that today's developers need more confidence than homebuyers, and that the introduction of "price premiums" is actually giving them a boost.
As for the ability to retain buyers, he said that it depended on a combination of factors, such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds, which remained to be seen for the time being.
Taiwan's economy underperformed in the first year of recession - CNN.com
Xinhua News Agency Taipei, February 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo, Huang Yang) Export trade volume "five consecutive black," manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) contracted for seven consecutive months, consumer price index (CPI) also see "three digits"...
Analysts believe that Taiwan's economy has fared poorly in the first year, and that there is little pressure to grow.
According to the financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan's exports in January this year amounted to US $31.51 billion, a decrease of 21.2 per cent annually, marking the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The value of exports for all 11 major export categories declined compared with the same period last year.
Plastic rubber and its products, optical equipment and the deepest decline, respectively, 37.6% and 35.7%.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1 per cent annually, the largest decline in 11 years.
This was the largest decline in the industry in 14 years, with an annual decline of 18.3%.
The director of statistics for the sector, Cai Mei-na, said that this showed that the consumer electronics industry was entering a correction period as a result of the diffusion of weak demand.
Statistics show that imports and exports from Taiwan fell in January, with an excess of US $2.34 billion, the lowest level in the past three years.
According to the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI), the decline in exports in the first quarter of this year is likely to be higher than expected, as a result of the decline in global terminal demand, industrial adjustment of inventories, and the decline in exports.
According to the Taiwan Institute of Chinese Economic Research, the Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) contracted for seven consecutive months, with a seasonally adjusted fall of 3.3 percentage points from last December to 40.4% in January.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, the PMI is set at 50% of the boom-bust line, and the index is greater than 50%, representing economic expansion and contractionary contraction.
In January, the five components of the PMI in Taiwan saw a contraction in new orders, production and employment, a decline in delivery times for suppliers, and a contraction in inventories.
The six major industries, in order of their rate of contraction, are the power and machinery equipment industry (35.1%), the electronics and optics industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw materials industry (42.4%), the transportation industry (42.6%), and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
According to a report by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, the annual growth rate of the CPI in Taiwan was 3.04% in January this year, and has broken the 3% mark again since July last year.
Of these, vegetable prices soared by 28.25 per cent, a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, a special committee member of Taiwan's "master planner's office," admitted that the price increase was indeed more than expected, and that the average CPI in January and February of this year should be close to 2.71% of last December, excluding the Chinese New Year factor, and inflation pressure still exists and is still high.
This year, the Taiwanese economy is expected to see a combination of reports from the United Daily News, Yahoo Finance, and other local media outlets.
According to Wu Daoren, a professor of economics at Taiwan's Chung-Ang University, a decline in exports could cause cash flow problems for export manufacturers and increase the risk of default.
At the same time, reduced orders cause manufacturers to cut labor costs, affecting the labor market and household economy, which in turn impinges on consumption capacity.
According to a report by the Institute of Economic Research in Taiwan, Qiu Da-sheng believes that the inflation situation in the United States and Europe is not clear this year, and demand continues to shrink, and it is expected that the decline in exports in Taiwan will continue until the first half of the year.
As the economy of Taiwan is supported by exports, the annual economic growth performance will be lower than the previous year due to the impact of the export downturn.
"An important engine of global recovery" - ChinaNews.com
"In the face of the pandemic, the Chinese economy has shown great resilience.
Recent market expectations suggest that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Julio Rios, a well-known Spanish expert on China and an honorary advisor to China Policy Watch, said in an interview with this reporter that China's epidemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
RÃ­os said that in the face of various unexpected shocks, China responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
While China is unswervingly expanding its opening-up, the endogenous driving force of economic development is increasing, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing in tandem.
Every year, two national meetings are held to discuss the country & apos; s development agenda and topical livelihood issues on behalf of the members, and to build broad consensus, people & apos; s hearts and minds, so as to add strength to China & apos; s development.
"Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term rapid development, and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to China & apos; s wisdom and China & apos; s proposals, and to China & apos; s development bringing new opportunities to the world.
According to RÃ­os, China is now vigorously promoting scientific and technological innovation and injecting new impetus into economic and social development, "with capital investment, personnel training, and policy incentives, which will keep China vibrant in the new five-year plan."
For Rios, economic structural reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has taken proactive measures to stabilize its economy by exploiting the advantages of both the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system.
China's strategic focus is to expand domestic demand, strengthen financial support for the real economy, support the development of the private sector, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and manufacturing industries, and adhere to innovative development, promote employment, raise the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the people's multi-level and diverse consumption needs.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
"Economic stabilization and recovery after the epidemic is a common goal of the international community.
The unlocking of China & apos; s economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
RÃ­os said he hoped that the Belt and Road cooperation would continue to play an important role in improving the level of infrastructure in each country and strengthening connectivity in various fields, and that it would continue to unleash greater momentum.
(Madrid Electric)
(People's Daily reporter Gan Huan)
Report: A new high in the number of returning job-seekers in 2022 - China.com
Source: "2022 Chinese Returnee Employment Survey Report" (in Chinese).
According to the "2022 China Homecoming Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report"), the number of foreign students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year on year, and the number of foreign students returning to China to seek employment reached a new high.
According to the report, since 2020, there has been a marked increase in the number of returnees seeking employment in China, and an increase in the number of new students returning to China to seek employment.
Compared to 2021, the number of foreign students in 2022 will increase by 8.6% year on year, and the number of foreign students returning to China will reach a new high.
In terms of the distribution of countries of study among returning job-seekers, the United Kingdom had the highest share at 41.4 per cent, followed by Australia (20.3 per cent) and the United States (9 per cent), which remained in line with 2021.
In terms of the year-on-year growth rate, the number of new students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore increased significantly in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of new international students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia has decreased year on year.
Source: "2022 Chinese Returnees Employment Survey Report."
According to the survey, 58% of international students who decided to return to their home country felt that "life in the country was more convenient," 40% decided to return because they were "more aware of the cultural environment of the country," 32% thought that "domestic employment opportunities are more," and 22% thought that domestic economic activity would accelerate and more jobs would be created.
The data show that the demand for overseas talents in domestic enterprises is rapidly releasing, and the demand for returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of priority jobs for returnees and the number of returnees seeking employment in China rose, with the number of priority jobs for returnees on 3 February increasing by 11 per cent compared with 28 January and the number of returnees seeking employment by 27 per cent.
By industry, education / training accounted for 27.8 per cent of the priority jobs for returnees in 2022, ranking first, followed by professional services / consulting at 14.3 per cent and Internet / e-commerce at 11.1 per cent.
Changes in the number of returnees seeking employment in China in recent years Source: 2022 Survey Report on Return Employment in China
In terms of remuneration, the average recruitment remuneration for returnee priority positions has risen for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan / month (RMB) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan / month from 13,719 yuan / month in 2021, an increase of 7 per cent.
By region, the proportion of returnees who are willing to go to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, third-tier cities and cities with third-tier cities and cities below increased to 31%, 15.7% and 14.3% respectively in 2022, which is higher than the proportion of deliveries in 2021.
With regard to the results of studying abroad, 52.7 per cent of returnees indicated that they were basically in line with expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points from the previous year (49.9 per cent).
28.2 per cent of returns were above or well above expectations, also up from 25.4 per cent in 2021.
(concluded)
Half or more?
Medical Services - Medical Services - Medical Services - Medical Services
For example, in the case of dental implants, the cost of a dental implant can be as high as $1, but in the case of dental implants, the cost of a dental implant can be as high as $1.
Since this year, as the pace of planting and harvesting has accelerated, the price of planted teeth has been on the agenda everywhere.
From February 10, Henan Province single conventional dental implant medical service price of the whole process control target of 4,300 yuan, single conventional dental implant whole process cost is not higher than 97% of the control target.
Dental implant refers to the implant of the bone tissue in the lower structure to support the upper dental prosthesis of the missing tooth repair.
According to the first hospital in Zhengzhou University, the price of a single conventional plant, from planting to final restoration, is about 167,000 yuan.
The doctor told me that in my case it was about $8,000, less than $10,000, and that I could save about half of it.
On the basis of existing projects, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 items such as & quot; implant fee (single item) & quot; for dental implant medical services, and has unified the formulation of prices and medical insurance payment categories for public medical institutions under the provincial administration, and cancelled or adjusted 20 items such as dental implant medical service price items.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Tender Procurement Department of the Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four sides, one is medical insurance, medical insurance spending is less; the pressure of the hospital is less, the patient will increase appropriately; for the supplier has a market; for our patient is the most profitable party, the cost of a dental implant may be halved or more.
Shenzhen: Building China's First and World's Fastest Pioneering City - ChinaNet
February 11, according to the "Shenzhen Gongxin" WeChat public number 10 news, the Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology Bureau recently issued the "Shenzhen rapid pioneer city construction action plan."
It proposes to build a high-speed, large-capacity, low-latency super-broadband network by the end of 2023, to achieve the goal of "dual gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, universal connectivity" network construction, to become the first domestic and world's leading high-speed pioneer city.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of the Gigabit optical network.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10GPON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The plan calls for a comprehensive improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
It will develop the Shenzhen 5G network service quality specification standards, conduct 5G network test and evaluation, and improve the quality of 5G network service.
Support for basic telecommunications enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and locations, 10,000 5G base stations were added throughout the year, the average download rate in the city reached 500 Mbps, the uplink rate reached 100 Mbps, the uplink rate reached 1000 Mbps, the uplink rate reached 200 Mbps, the network rate and user experience greatly improved.
Build high-quality, city-grade wireless LANs.
To develop specifications for public wireless LAN (WLAN) services, promote the upgrading of WLAN in areas with high population density and high demand for information consumption throughout the city, and provide gigabit access.
In order to achieve "a single certification, senseless roaming, and intelligent switching," the system supports the operators to integrate self-built APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities into the certification monitoring platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of APs upgraded will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan calls for the construction of a high-quality all-optical transportation network, the establishment of a multi-level computing power supply system, the acceleration of the construction of key communication network facilities, and the upgrading of Internet application service capabilities.
The Plan is clear, and it collaborates in the construction of the IoT perception system.
Based on the "Open Source Hung Mong" operating system, the construction management model of city perception terminal construction, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT perception platform, promote urban IoT platform, various professional IoT platform network and data interconnection.
It will deepen the application of IoT sensing in urban management, people's livelihood services, public safety, transportation, and other fields, and expand fixed sensing channels such as urban roads, buildings, and public facilities, and mobile sensing collection channels such as intelligent networked cars.
By the end of 2023, the number of hydropower IoT perception terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-function smart pole application demonstration projects will be established.
The Plan also refers to the strengthening of applications for the convergence of satellite and terrestrial communications, the construction of low-altitude network infrastructure and the promotion of deep coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, China will promote the deep coverage of the maritime 5G network, build an ecosystem for industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top-level events and activities.
(China New Finance)
With the emergence of "new variables" in China's e-commerce industry, how can "content be king"?
- China New Network
February 11: China's electricity supplier industry emerges "new variable," with goods how to do "content for the king"?
China New Finance Reporter
"We were late to join the E-Commerce, but from the very beginning we realized that it was important to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fang Fang, a girl from Guangdong, now runs a nutritional food store in Douyin, allowing an offline store with a history of more than 30 years to "bloom" online.
The song is a parody of the original song, and features the same lyrics as the original song, but with a slightly different lyrics and a slightly different sound.
At a recent event called "Looking for Partners and Quality Content Sharing," Fang Fang spoke as a representative of quality creators and introduced the experience and experience of daily creation.
She said, "The video was well received by many users, and many people were interested in my food and wanted to cook it with me.
"
Fang used the video to make more people fall in love with the "old taste," a live stream to sell up to 300,000 nourishing food, to save the old store on the verge of closing.
"No content, no e-commerce," as short video and live commerce continue to develop, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new phase.
In the early days of live streaming, live studios often attracted users with low discounts, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there have been a number of notable individuals and businesses in the area of vertical subdivision, such as Liu Xihong and Oriental Selection, who have improved their long-term business performance by continuously creating high-quality content that matches their brand tone.
According to Gao Yaxian, the head of operations for the star author, over the past year, 6.27 million creators monetized their content through the service, increasing their content creation by 252% and more than doubling their total transaction value.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving, vibrant author's ecology.
"Kaufman says."
The Beijing Normal University Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform previously released the "Electric Business Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report," which analyzed the importance of the "new variable" - quality content in the current electric business industry from the data dimension, and used the index to assess the ecological situation of the content of 27 domestic mainstream electric business platforms.
According to the report, the E-commerce industry ranked in the top five in the ecological health index of the content of the E-commerce industry, Tianyin E-commerce, Express, Taobao, Jianduo, and Jingdong.
According to the report, the e-commerce content ecosystem is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, and good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user original content) are the best carriers for integration with e-commerce, the higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenario, the higher the possibility of e-commerce insertion, the greater the commercial value.
On the spot, Professor Yu Guoming of the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University, Chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, gave an analysis and interpretation of the Report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to "consumer quality," and high-quality, professional, differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content became the basis and starting point of the new stage of e-commerce development, knowledge payment, professional knowledge, KOL (Key Opinion Leader), etc. PGC content began to become standard in e-commerce live streaming.
Looking ahead to the future of the electricity industry, MetsÃ¤ made two recommendations.
One is from the perspective of improving the content structure, to promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content, to create positive content creation and management standards, and to achieve a balance between the index and the dynamics of the e-commerce industry & apos; s content ecosystem.
The other is to realize the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value of the external environment from the perspective of the external environment.
"The e-commerce industry in the future also needs more data, artificial intelligence support to form a forecast for future development stability; in addition, to provide a more standardized and healthy growth space for businesses, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry value synergy, to create healthy content ecology."
(concluded)
CBEX financing transaction business started next week-
This report (reporter Sun Jie) last night, the CBEX released the information that, with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Stock Exchange financing transaction business will be officially launched on February 13, at which time the securities companies that have obtained the CBEX financing transaction authority can accept the investor's commission to report the financing transaction to the CBEX.
The first list of 56 financings was established on 31 January 2023 as the base date for calculation.
According to the Financial Services Agency (FSA), the listing of securities eligible for financing and the list of securities eligible for crediting will be made public through the "Information Disclosure - Financial Information" section of the website of the FSA, making it easier for investors to find out.
Financial instruments are a fundamental part of the securities market, and are a more mature form of trading in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of the announcement of the establishment, the CBEX publicly solicited opinions on the financing brokerage business.
The launch of CBEX financing and securities transaction is an important measure to continuously promote the market system construction of CBEX, improve the trading mechanism and enhance the secondary market pricing function.
The system helps investors to diversify their trading strategies, meet the needs of multiple investors, facilitate market price discovery, and further increase market liquidity.
In the future, CBEX, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), will continue to do its best to safeguard the financing and securities business, enrich the instruments of the trading system oriented to the needs of investors, improve relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange that serves innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th Japan-China Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Comprehensive Forum was held in Beijing He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech-china.com
On February 11, the 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Comprehensive Forum was held in Beijing.
He Lifeng, member of the Politburo of the CPC Central Committee and head of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He pointed out that the holding of the forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached at the meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in Bangkok and to strengthen China-Japan cooperation for green development.
China will fully implement the spirit of the Twentieth Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of its development model, further promote the prevention and control of environmental pollution, enhance the conservation of resources, actively and steadily promote carbon neutrality, promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion and growth in a coordinated manner, and promote ecological priority, conservation intensive and green low-carbon development.
China is ready to work with Japan to continue to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people and cultural exchanges, so as to promote bilateral cooperation in green and low-carbon development to a new level.
The Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, Mr. Yasutoshi Nishimura, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan-China Economic Association.
Representatives from the governments, enterprises and institutions of China and Japan exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team carried out continuous rescue operation in Turkey to rescue 4 stranded people
According to the Ministry of Emergency Management's website, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team sent three operational units and 45 rescue workers to search and rescue in Turkey, and rescued one trapped person.
At the same time, two search and assessment teams were dispatched to assess and inspect 15 buildings on Wodabash Street.
To date, a total of four trapped people have been rescued, five victims have been recovered, and vital signs and risk assessments of 25 seriously collapsed buildings have been carried out.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust its rescue force according to the actual situation in the affected area and the situation at the rescue site, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work.
Rescue teams obtain information on rescue calls through a variety of channels, including embassies, local governments and United Nations relief organizations, and conduct individual verifications through online inquiries and on-site searches.
The rescue team in Hong Kong, China, was briefed on the current situation of the rescue environment and the collapse of the building, and a joint search operation was launched.
Currently, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination with the Italian rescue team (SSC5), and at the same time sends three members to participate in the work of the Regional Rescue Coordination Center No. 5. It communicates with several teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman and other countries, and understands the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organizations and national rescue teams.
In accordance with the principle of "unified command and safety first," the rescue team has continuously strengthened safety management and team protection, strengthened safety control at the rescue site, strengthened discipline requirements for rescue work, and clarified safety precautions.
Continuous operation of the system of rotating shift and guard work, and strengthen the security management of the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide medical examination services to the team members on a daily basis, and strengthen the medical security of key personnel.
Since the establishment of the camp, logistics support personnel have set up a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command communications, equipment storage, medical cleaning, living accommodation and kennel, and more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.
ä¸­åŽæ–°èžæŠ¥: Promoting Chinese Modernization as a Systematic Project - Four Treatises Deep Understanding of General Secretary Xi Jinping in Learning and Implementing the Party's Twenty Great Spiritual Workshops
Beijing, February 11: Promoting Chinese modernization is a systematic project - Four theories deeply understand General Secretary Xi Jinping in learning and implementing the Party's 20 major spiritual workshops
Xinhua News Agency commentators
"Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires comprehensive consideration, systematic planning, overall promotion, and proper handling of a series of major relationships such as top-level design and practice exploration, strategy and strategy, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and opening up.
At the opening of the seminar of the new members of the Central Committee, alternate members and leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Party's Twenty Great Spirits, General Secretary Xi Jinping grasped the laws of modernization construction scientifically, and explained in depth and systematically a series of major relations that need to be handled in practice, providing scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
The promotion of Chinese-style modernization involves all aspects of economic, political, cultural, social and ecological civilization, including Party and military governance, internal affairs, foreign affairs and national defence.
The top-level design requires a deep insight into the general trend of world development, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, an in-depth exploration of the laws of economic and social development, and a system of planning and policies that reflect the times, grasp the regularity, and are rich in creativity.
China's modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are still many uncharted areas that need to be boldly explored in practice and promoted through reform and innovation.
The strategic question is the fundamental question of one party, one country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to strengthen the foresight of the strategy, to foresee the future with a scientific strategy, to lead the future; to strengthen the overall strategy, to focus on solving the major problems related to the success or failure of the Party and the national cause, and to strengthen the stability of the strategy, once the strategy is formed, it is necessary to stick to it for a long time, to grasp it, and to do well.
It is important to understand the dialectic relationship between strategy and strategy, to combine the principles of strategy with the flexibility of strategy, to be flexible, to adapt, to make decisions on the spot, and to take the initiative in the strategy according to the local situation, to act according to the situation and to follow the trend.
The Chinese nation is a nation of integrity and innovation.
In dealing with the relationship between integrity and innovation, we must not only maintain the essence, source, roots and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unwaveringly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also place innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, respond to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively promote reform and innovation, and fully stimulate the creation of vitality in society as a whole.
Efficiency is the essential foundation of equity, and fairness is a powerful guarantee of efficiency.
We must modernize in the Chinese way, both to create greater efficiency than capitalism and to maintain social equity more effectively, so that efficiency and equity are better balanced, promoted and harmonized.
We should manage the relationship between efficiency and fairness so that development can continue to be achieved for the benefit of the people, development depends on the people, and the fruits of development are shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization will benefit all people more equitably.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to manage the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both vibrant and stable and orderly.
It is necessary to coordinate development and security, implement the overall concept of national security, improve the national security system, enhance the capacity to safeguard national security, and firmly safeguard the security of State power, institutions, ideology and key areas.
In addition to giving greater consideration to security in development, enhancing national security through development, and consolidating the foundations of national security through the use of development results, China is also adept at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, constantly stimulating the vitality of development and achieving a virtuous interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
In order to promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only follow our own path, but also broaden our vision of the world, adhere to opening up to the outside world, and constantly expand the scope and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We should adhere to the principles of independence, self-reliance and self-reliance. We should place national and ethnic development at the centre of our strength and firmly hold the destiny of our country & apos; s development and progress in our hands.
We should continue to expand high-level opening-up to the outside world, participate deeply in the division of labour and cooperation in global industries, make good use of domestic and international resources, and expand the development space for Chinese-style modernization, so as to share development opportunities and create a better future through mutual benefit and win-win results.
If you follow the path, you will be far away.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core and under the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, grasp the rule of law, persevere in our efforts, give full play to our initiative, initiative and creativity, and properly handle a series of major issues.
On Friday, the Biden administration blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program.
According to the U.S. Department of Commerce, the five Chinese companies and one research institute helped modernize the Chinese military, especially in aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
It is difficult for blacklisted companies to obtain United States technology exports.
The list is known as the "entity list," and companies on the list cannot purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they have a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Sky Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group 48 Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkun Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House said it was considering broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger surveillance activities that threaten US national security.
The balloon incident triggered further tensions between China and the United States, and US Secretary of State Blinken cancelled his visit to China.
The United States shot down the balloon on February 4, and the Chinese government lodged stern representations with the United States Embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously impacting and undermining the efforts and progress of the two sides to stabilize China-United States relations.
Based on available evidence of the wreckage and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the U.S. government concluded that the balloon's manufacturer was "directly related to the People's Liberation Army" and was an approved supplier to the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and stated its position on the incident of a Chinese airship strayed into US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs website, she added that the relevant resolution of the United States Congress was purely political manipulation and speculation.
China is strongly dissatisfied with and firmly opposes this.
Matthew Axelrod, Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Enforcement, said: "Today's action shows that we are working together to detect and stop China's use of spy balloons, which violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
"
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was not aware of the sanctions and refused to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has yet to comment on this information.
(Reuters et al.)
Â© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law and may not be used without special permission from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
A few days after the earthquake in parts of Turkey and Syria, the hope of finding survivors is dwindling, but the five members of the family who were rescued on Saturday are a source of great relief for the searchers.
According to the Associated Press, in the town of Nourdai, a heavily affected area in Gaziantep province, the family of five was rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days.
The searchers pulled the mother and daughter out of the rubble and then found the father, who insisted on saving his son and another daughter.
When they were all rescued, there was a cheer in the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of KahramanmaraÅŸ, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also rescued in severe weather conditions.
"What is today?
The boy, who had been trapped under the rubble for 129 hours, was brought back to the ground and asked his rescuers to rescue him.
A man from Kahraman Marash holds his recently rescued cat
The miraculous success of the rescue effort gave light to an already hopeless search and rescue effort, but at the same time the number of people killed was rising.
According to official figures, Monday's earthquake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey and an estimated 3,500 in neighbouring Syria.
Although experts suggest that people can survive up to a week after being trapped in the rubble, the prospect of finding more survivors has become increasingly remote.
Rescuers are still using thermal imagers to look for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, relief efforts began to focus on helping those in need.
UN official: "One Hundred Years Unseen" disaster in the region
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was "the worst disaster in a century" in the region.
He also praised Turkey's post-disaster response as "extraordinary."
He also told Reuters that he hoped to be able to provide aid to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but said that the matter was "unclear."
The United Nations pledged an additional $25 million in aid to the people of Syria affected by the earthquake.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Great Chilean earthquake (1960)
On May 22, 1960, at 3: 11 pm local time, Valdivia, Chile, experienced the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history, with a moment magnitude of 9.5.
Within ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was in ruins.
The earthquake was followed by a massive tsunami that hit the Chilean coastline, with waves up to 25 metres high.
The tsunami reached as far away as Japan and the Philippines.
The exact number of fatalities and economic losses from a disaster of this magnitude are not known.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Alaskan earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964, is Good Friday.
On that day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
As of 2006, the Alaskan earthquake was the third largest recorded earthquake in the world.
At the time of the earthquake, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured near the college fjord in Prince William Sound.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted three to five minutes.
The displacement of the seabed caused a huge tsunami, which reached a height of 67 metres.
As it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake killed 139 people.
Nine of them died directly from the earthquake and 130 others from the tsunamis caused by the earthquake.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Tangshan earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China, experienced two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or higher within 16 hours.
The earthquake occurred 23 km above the ground.
Transportation, communications, water supply, and electricity were cut off throughout the city of Tangshan, which was then razed to the ground.
The capital, Beijing, is 140 km away.
According to official figures, the earthquake killed 242,769 people and seriously injured 164,851 in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake is the second deadliest earthquake recorded in China, after the 1556 Jiajing earthquake.
However, some overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may have killed at least 650,000 people.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Great Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On 26 December 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 km west of Aceh, Indonesia, at a depth of 30 km and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with a wave height of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the worst affected areas including Iniazi Province, the pickle and Phuket resort areas in Thailand, Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
During the Christmas holiday season, many tourists and local residents gathered in the affected area, causing many tourists enjoying holidays on the beach and locals working on the seashore to be swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, leaving many people missing.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people were killed and disappeared.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On 12 May 2008, a major earthquake struck the Wenchuan region of Sichuan Province, China.
According to the China Seismological Bureau, the earthquake had a surface wave magnitude of 8.2 and a moment magnitude of 8.3, and damaged more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of 25 September 2008, the earthquake had killed 69,227 people, left 17,923 missing, injured 374,643 people of varying degrees, displaced 1,930,300 people, and affected 46,256,000 people.
It was the deadliest earthquake in the history of the People's Republic of China and the deadliest since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of the People & apos; s Republic of China announced that 12 May of every year would be designated as the Day of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation, thereby strengthening public education and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation.
Since then, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools have held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools also began to pay attention to the popularization of "earthquake disaster reduction" education.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Earthquake in Haiti (2010)
On 12 January 2010, a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck the Caribbean island of Haiti.
The epicenter of the earthquake was located 25 km southwest of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, about 13 km from the surface.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) estimated that about 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The Government of Haiti released more than 200,000 confirmed deaths.
In some parts of the country, up to 90 per cent of houses were destroyed by the earthquake.
Despite the international community & apos; s massive assistance and support, this poor country of overpopulation and corruption has never recovered from the disaster.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
The 2011 TÅhoku earthquake
The 2011 TÅhoku earthquake occurred off the coast of northeastern Japan on March 11, 2011.
The epicentre of the earthquake was in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, with a depth of 24 km and a maximum height of 40.1 m.
The earthquake was the first recorded earthquake in Japan to have a magnitude greater than 9.
About 22,000 people were killed in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant was hit by an earthquake and tsunami.
The accident was classified as a Level 7 accident on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
As a result of the Fukushima nuclear accident, trace radioactive substances, including iodine-131 and caesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years), have been measured worldwide.
A large number of radioisotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in Syria and Turkey are in dire need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people lost their homes as a result of the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) appealed for $77 million to provide food to people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
Temperatures in the affected areas are now below freezing, and many of the victims are without shelter.
The Turkish Government has distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies continue to be difficult to reach many people in need.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has added to the suffering of the population.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
Â© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law and may not be used without special permission from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
News GOV-MO: Police Alert: Police Department Calls on Citizens to Watch Out for Fraud by Counterfeit Telecommunications Company
In a recent case involving a number of telecommunications frauds, the police sent a scam message to the owner of the website, pretending to be the owner of the company, and the reward was exchanged as soon as the points expired, luring the owner to log on to the fake website for exchange.
Credit card information and verification codes are entered in accordance with the instructions, and financial institutions are notified that the credit card has an unknown consumption record, and the credit card information is suspected to have been stolen through the above website.
It has been confirmed that the telephone company did not issue the above information.
If you are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction password, or transaction verification code, you should be even more careful to prevent credit card theft.
Fraud prevention tips:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity information and raise individual awareness of prevention;
2. Refrain from simply logging on to a website of unknown origin and registering personal and credit card information on the website in order to prevent theft;
3. Be wary of counterfeit and phishing websites and keep an eye on whether the website & apos; s address matches the official website;
4. Installing anti-virus software for mobile phones, mobile devices or computers and updating it regularly;
5. If you suspect fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Anti-Fraud Referral Hotline of the Police Department at 8800 7777 or 993 for help.
NEWS GOV-MO: Large Hong Kong Delegation Visits Macao Tourist Attraction Facilities to Attract Hong Kong Visitors and Expand "Online Travel" for Hong Kong and Macao
The Hong Kong Tourism Board (HKTB) organized a large Hong Kong delegation of more than 100 representatives from the Hong Kong government's tourism department, the tourism industry and the media to Macao, which was scheduled for two days (10 and 11), in addition to working meetings and industry negotiations, the Hong Kong travel agency industry and media representatives visited a number of tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macau in batches.
The introduction of Macao tourism new play
The Hong Kong 100-person large delegation included the heads of tourism related departments of the Hong Kong Government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and transborder transport operators from Hong Kong and Macao, about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, network media representatives and bloggers / bloggers, etc., to visit Macao in person to learn about the latest tourism resources in Macau, Hong Kong industry and media to bring the new mode of Macau tourism to Hong Kong residents and visitors.
Two days of intensive trip to find business opportunities
Over the past two days, the delegation has visited the World Heritage "Historic Centre of Macau," experienced the Macao Grand Prix Museum, "Time and Space Shuttle," the immersive digital experience exhibition of the Grand Sampaibo, the old town of Taipa, as well as several large resort hotels and facilities: Upper Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, MGM MACAU, Morpeth, Macau Londoners, Macau Galaxy, Artelli Dwarf Art Space in New Haven, and teamLab Supernatural Space of the Venetian of Macau.
The members of the delegation visited Macao tourism facilities and experienced the "Tourism +" element of Macao first-hand, sharing Macao's tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrating the latest tourism products of Macao into the promotion and sales of Hong Kong residents.
Attract Hong Kong tourists to expand Hong Kong and Macao "online tour"
As part of the campaign, the company launched a number of advertising campaigns in the Hong Kong and Macau markets, including the launch of a ticketing service to and from Hong Kong and Macau, as well as the launch of a new online and offline advertising campaign.
Following the invitation to Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to visit Macao last month and Hong Kong Net hong personally experience Macau "Tourism +," this time again organized Hong Kong tourism industry and media representatives to visit Macao to increase marketing efforts to attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Macao, the two local industries to work together to expand the Hong Kong and Macao "online tourism" market, to jointly expand the mainland and overseas markets, to promote the recovery of tourism in the two places.
Xi Jinping Reply Letter to Encourage Members of China-Africa Medical Team to Benefit the Local People with Renxinren Technique to Tell a Good Chinese Story with Practical Action - Rolling News-Hunan Daily Network- Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping Exhorts Members of China-Africa Medical Corps to Benefit Local People with Practical Actions to Tell Chinese Stories
2023-02-11 13: 09: 10 [Source: Xinhua] [Edit: Li Fo Feng] Font: [large, medium and small]
Beijing, Feb. 10 (Xinhua) - General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, President of the People's Republic of China, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission of the People's Republic of China Xi Jinping sent a letter on February 9 to the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams assisting the Central African Republic.
In response to the letter, Xi said that you have overcome the difficulties of your working life in Central Africa and have served the local people with all your heart, and that you are both an angel in white clothes who saves the lives of the wounded and a friendly messenger who conveys friendship.
This year marks the sixtieth anniversary of the dispatch of China & apos; s medical teams to assist foreign countries. I would like to express my sincere condolences to the comrades who are carrying out and have been carrying out medical missions to assist foreign countries.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign medical assistance is a vivid manifestation.
I hope that you will not forget your first thoughts and keep in mind your mission, and that you will vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team, which does not fear hardship, is willing to give, saves lives and helps others, and loves others, so as to bring benefits to the local people through the art of benevolence, tell the Chinese story through concrete actions, and make greater contributions to the building of a community of human health.
Foreign medical assistance is an important part of China & apos; s foreign aid work.
In 1963, my country sent its first foreign medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, China has sent 30,000 medical personnel and treated 290 million patients to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, winning wide acclaim from the international community.
Currently, CARE teams work in 115 locations in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th China-Africa Medical Corps wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on the implementation of the Party's 20th Congress, providing medical services to the local people, and expressing their determination to contribute to the building of a community of human health.
New members of the Central Committee, alternate members and key leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Twenty Great Spirits of the Party
Graduated from the Seminar on Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Twenty Great Spirits of the Party
2023-02-11 13: 07: 20 [Source: Xinhua] [Edit: Li Fo Feng] Font: [large, medium and small]
Members of the Central Committee, alternate members, and leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels studied and implemented Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Twenty Great Spirits of the Party on the afternoon of February 10 at the Central Party School (National School of Administration).
He said that he would study deeply and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the seminar, more firmly uphold the "two establishment" and resolutely do "two maintenance," strengthen the ability and practical work, steadily promote Chinese style modernization work, and create a performance that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in building a socialist modern country in all respects and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, all participants carefully studied the Party & apos; s Twenty Great Spirits and General Secretary Xi Jinping & apos; s important speech at the seminar, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical problems of Chinese-style modernization, and strengthened their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the workshop made presentations and reported on the learning outcomes.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the Party's 20th Congress are both the first political task of the current and future period, as well as a long-term strategic task.
We need to understand more deeply the decisive significance of the "two establishment," firmly uphold the central position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, maintain the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralize leadership, constantly improve political judgment, political comprehension, and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of ideological and political consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core.
We must strive to master the art of looking at the home as a Marxist theory, consciously arm the mind with the Party's innovative theory, guide the practice, promote the work, work hard in deep learning, detailed understanding, and practice, and truly learn the firm faith, learn absolute loyalty, learn mission responsibility.
We need to implement the decisions of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China with a vigorous spirit, steadily promote Chinese modernization, jerk off our sleeves, and become a "construction captain," and make the blueprint a reality step by step.
We must remember that the Party is always on the road, the Party's self-revolution is always on the road, the Party's political responsibilities are tightened, the Party's political construction takes the leadership, and the New Era Party's construction is deeply advanced.
We should strengthen our ability to promote high-quality development, to serve the masses, to prevent and resolve risks, and to vigorously promote research and study in order to resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, Wang Xiaohong attended the closing ceremony, Chen Xi presided over the closing ceremony.
Google AI chatbot "wrong answer problem" parent company's stock price evaporated $100 billion
(11 episodes).
Google's new AI chatbot, Bard, suffered a "wrong answer" in a promotional video, causing Google parent Alphabet's share price to fall by 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, and losing market capitalization of $110 billion (RM476.5 billion).
The market is worried that Alphabet is inferior to its competitor Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Bard was asked, "What can I tell my nine-year-old child about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?"
Bard replied that the telescope had taken the first images of an extrasolar planet.
However, according to NASA, the first images of extrasolar planets were taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.
Reuters reported that "Alphabet's share price plummeted after Bard answered the wrong question."
On the other hand, Google noted that Bard's response "underscores the importance of a rigorous testing process," combining external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards based on quality, safety, and truthful information."
Strong Singapore tourism recovery 19 times more inbound visitors than in 2021
According to the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of international visitors to Singapore is expected to reach 12 to 14 million in 2023, bringing in about S $18 billion to S $21 billion in tourism revenue.
In 2022, the Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of inbound tourists increased 19 times from 330.6 million in 2021 to 6.3 million in 2022, surpassing the Board's earlier estimate of 4 to 6 million, and the number of visitors has returned to 33% of the pre-pandemic level.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totalled S $8.96 billion, with annual tourism revenue expected to reach S $13.8 billion to S $14.3 billion in 2022, a six-fold to seven-fold increase from S $1.89 billion in 2021.
The Government of Singapore has taken a number of steps to accelerate the recovery of tourism.
In April 2022, the government announced the allocation of nearly S $500 million to stimulate tourism recovery.
The Tourism Board has recently announced that it plans to allocate NZ $110 million from this budget over the next two years to introduce more business and leisure activities to attract return visitors.
To make health and wellness one of Singapore & apos; s tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board launched a call for ideas on 23 November 2022 to develop a health and wellness destination on Singapore & apos; s southern coast.
Ling Li Wang, Executive Director of Sports and Wellness Tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists had put health first.
The development of a health and wellness attraction in Marina South, with its Gardens by the Bay and the coastal dykes, is expected to contribute to Singapore & apos; s tourism and economy, allowing visitors to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Tan Keng Lung, Director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that health and wellness would become an important part of Singapore & apos; s tourism products in the coming years.
The outbreak has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Board has been promoting health and wellness programmes to the local public and international visitors for the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held its first Health and Wellness Festival, which provided the public with more than 130 health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to offer new travel experiences to visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, Avatar World at Gardens by the Bay, Sentosa Central Beach Market, the new "Explore the New World" exhibition hall at the Museum of Arts and Science, and the new amphitheatre at the Night Safari, the Tourist Board will support the development and renewal of the Bird Park at Wildlife World to make Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
It is planned that in 2023, Singapore will develop relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the MICE industry, with a focus on improving waste management and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore & apos; s tourism industry has accelerated the airline industry & apos; s recovery.
Data show that as of 18 December 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with up to 150,000 passengers per day and about 1 million passengers per week, which is about 75% of the pre-pandemic level, and the number of employees in the airline industry has returned to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
Between January and October 2022, Singapore received 23.6 million passengers, or 42% of the pre-pandemic level, and 170,000 flights, or 53% of the pre-pandemic level.
The rapid recovery in tourism has also spurred a recovery in sectors such as accommodation, transport, restaurants and shopping.
The Government of Singapore and the tourism industry have high expectations for the Chinese market.
The Assistant Director of the International Division of the Singapore Tourism Board said that a survey by the China Travel Platform showed that Singapore ranked in the top three in the world for safety, which was one of the reasons why it was so popular with Chinese tourists.
Prior to the outbreak, about 3.6 million people traveled to Singapore each year.
As China relaxes its border policies, the number of Chinese tourists is expected to return to 30-60% of 2019 levels this year.
According to Ke Shudan, the Tourism Bureau will closely monitor further signals from China's outbound travel policy in response to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms such as Ctrip and travel agencies, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in travel outside China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that tourism will recover faster than expected as long as there is no significant downturn in the global economy affecting public revenues and no more major outbreaks of deadly disease.
Kim Jong-un's father-daughter interactive intimate wife gets snubbed
In North Korea, the 75th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People's Army was celebrated on the evening of the 8th, with Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Jong-un, not only attending but also standing on the podium with her father.
The film was released by the North Korean state media on September 9, and the owner of the money snuggled up to her father, looked at him with affection several times, and whispered, she held her father's cheek with both hands, even touched the father's chest, and the father and daughter interacted with each other throughout the country.
First Lady Lee Xuezhong, however, was forced to step aside.
In the official photo of Kim Jong-un and his wife Ri Sol Ju at a dinner party with their daughter Kim Jong-un, Kim Jong-un not only rarely sits in the middle C of their parents, but also sits on the podium with Kim Jong-un at the 75th anniversary military parade the next evening.
The Korean Central Television (KCNA), the official media of North Korea, later released a military parade video, revealing more of the affection between father and daughter.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter on the podium several times, and the smile on their faces never faded, and they whispered in each other's ears, and Kim once loved his father's cheeks with his hands, and Kim responded with a smile.
Other state media accounts also show Kim Jong-un sitting on an indoor sofa with Kim Jong-un, touching her father's face with her hands; and Kim Jong-un's chest with her hands as she walked with her father.
First Lady Li Xuezhong could only walk or sit in the back, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
According to the South Korean media, Kim's exposure has increased in the past three months since the first public appearance of the Mars 17 missile on 18 November last year, and it is now the fifth official appearance.
It was also the first time in the history of the United States that the use of the word "child" was used in reference to a child, and the use of the word "child" in reference to a child was used in reference to a child's love for a child, and the use of the word "child" in reference to a child's love for a child.
According to the Washington Post, "this is a sign that Kim Jong-un is pushing his daughter of secondary school age to the position of successor," although some have argued that this is too early and that various possibilities remain in the case of Kim Jong-un having a son under his knee.
New York Times New York Times New York Times New York Times New York Times New York Times New York Times New York Times New York Times.
Q: How do you view the US non-farm payroll data for January and the outlook for investment?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released data on non-farm employment for January 2023, adding 517,000 new non-farm jobs, significantly exceeding market expectations by 189,000. The unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest level in nearly 50 years.
In aggregate terms, the data are subject to a number of one-off and technical disturbances, such as staff returning from strikes, a revision of the survey's statistical calibre, and an update of the seasonality factor, which may be revised (referring to the January 2022 addition of non-farm workers, from 504,000 to 364,000), non-farm employment, or not as strong as the data suggest.
Structurally, the impact of job cuts in high-tech firms is still present, but relatively low; new jobs in high-touch services, such as leisure hotels and education and health care, have rebounded sharply, and data suggest that the service labor gap remains.
Combined with the similarly better-than-expected service PMI, the rebound in job openings and labor gap data, and the strength of consumer credit data, we judge that the US service sector has experienced a quick fix after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand in the United States job market will not improve without a recession.
With more than five million supply gaps in the US labor market, the labor-force participation rate has been slow to rise, especially among 25-54-year-olds, who are nearing pre-pandemic highs.
Moreover, strong consumer demand will cause the impact of austerity on the job market to lag further, owing to excess savings and strong consumer credit in the United States.
Continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will underpin the US economy in 2023.
With the superposition now nearing the end of interest-rate hikes and repeated inflation expectations, we are not optimistic that wage growth will continue to decline.
Prior to the release of the data, US stock bond markets had been overly optimistic about the Fed's interest-rate hike path.
As inflation data continue to improve, the Fed is shortening the pace of interest-rate hikes while maintaining a fragile balance of market inflation expectations, but markets have turned a blind eye to the Fed's hawkish rhetoric, anticipating not only an early halt to interest-rate hikes, but also two rate cuts by the end of the year.
With labor market supply and demand tight and the impact of austerity uncertain, we believe that the Fed's year-end guidance for interest-rate hikes is relatively reasonable, and that the market's extreme expected adjustments and trading congestion may hurt the market somewhat.
Nonetheless, the persistence of wage growth is unlikely to reverse the current rapid decline in inflation, with the M2 data turning negative year on year and leading CPI indicators gradually improving, and the US CPI data having shifted to a rapid decline since October. The persistence of wage growth will only underpin future inflation data, and current market expectations will be hard to disprove, and the market will enter a new round of games once inflation data are released.
"ä¸­å›½æœåŠ¡ç¬¬ä¸€è‚¡ä»½æœ‰é™å…¬å¸æ–°é—»ç½‘" (in Chinese).
On February 11, 2014, the WeChat public number of the subject of the certification was released as an obituary, according to which the founder of the company and chairman of the board of directors of the company, Zheng Yonggang, died on February 10, 2023, at the age of 65, due to a sudden heart attack.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang became the director of the state-run cotton mill, and in 1989, Zheng Yonggang became the director of the Ningbo Yungang Garment Factory, which was the predecessor of Cedar Corporation.
In December 2022, in a speech at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Business Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Chinese Business Future Stars, Zheng Yonggang stated that in the 1990s, the market share of the Shanshan brand in the Chinese suit market was up to 37%.
In 1996, the company was listed on the stock exchange (600884.SH), becoming the first listed company in the Chinese garment industry.
In the middle of the day in the clothing business, Shanshui Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that "once the market is opened, the Chinese brand will naturally form a caucus-style brand market, Shanshui suits want to have been unique, long-term national clothing is unlikely."
In 1999, Shisui began to study corporate transformation, Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "We came to Shanghai, looking for what to do in the end of the transformation, specially recruited a lot of experts and scholars, continued to hold a number of Zhuge Liang meetings, retreat seminars.
Finally, we have set two broad strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the second is great health and the future. "
After the strategic direction was determined, Sugi began to look for cooperation, at that time Anshan Institute of Thermal Energy for Angang Institute of Carbon Research was doing national 863 project, research funding was insufficient, so Sugi and the Institute of Carbon Research of Anshan Institute of Thermal Energy signed a cooperation agreement to promote the industrialization of the national 863 project "Intermediate Phase Carbon Microsphere" project, engaged in the development, production and sales of negative electrode materials, to achieve commercial promotion of negative electrode materials in China.
In 2001, the company began to produce intermediate carbon microspheres on a large scale, replacing Japan as the main supplier of intermediate carbon microspheres.
It is China's first manufacturer of lithium ion battery anode materials, and has achieved the localization of lithium ion battery anode materials.
With the rapid spread of the use of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Sugiyama Corporation began to gradually develop, and in 2007 the lithium material business was written into the main business of Sugiyama Corporation, and the revenue share of the clothing business decreased year by year, until 2013, the lithium material business of Sugiyama Corporation exceeded the revenue of the clothing business.
In February 2021, the company successfully acquired LG Chemical's polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established the polarizer company Sugikin Optoelectronics, which has a high technological content in the field, and the main competitors of Sugiki are the world's top 500 companies, such as Samsung Korea, Sumitomo Chemical, and Nitto Denko.
Zheng Yonggang once shared the experience of post-investment management, "Chinese private companies acquire some high-tech companies internationally, the probability of success is relatively low, why do those acquisitions fail?"
It is a common practice to send people to do the right thing, because everyone will think about it, I spent so much money, I have to send people to do it right, this is a behavior that is usually done, "but unlike Zheng Yonggang, on the day of the successful acquisition of Sugijin, Zheng Yonggang went to Sugijin photoelectric publicly announced that Sugijin as a major shareholder of Sugijin, decided to implement a two-company system, except for Zheng Yonggang as chairman, Sugijin business people are not sent to Sugijin, take the original distribution system, corporate culture, management and so on.
According to the data released by the ICC, the shipment volume of negative electrode materials in 2022 exceeded 200,000 tons, an increase of 100% over the same period of the previous year, and the market share reached 16%.
In the polarizer business, according to Yano Research, the company's global market share reached 29% in 2022 and is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to lead the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company's revenue was $15.841 billion and net profit was $2.313 billion, and on February 10, the company's share price was $19.24 per share, with a total market value of $43.6 billion.
On February 9, the company said in an interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's effective graphite production capacity is about 100,000 tons, and the graphite production capacity of the Meishan project is still climbing.
He is currently the chairman of the board of directors and the de facto head of the company.
As a result, the total share capital of the company is 40.1%.
Li Zhihua, the general manager of Shanshui, was born in 1968, successively Dongguan Shanshui Battery Material Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshui New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshui Energy Technology Co., Ltd., chairman of the board, deputy general manager of Ningbo Shanshui Co., Ltd.
On February 10, the company announced on its investor relations platform that there was no relationship between the company's senior management and the company's actual controllers.
"Fund E Account" is coming: SFC authorizes development investors to aggregate and query all funds under their names - Economic Observer - a professional financial news website
Is it difficult to collect account information because of the multiplicity of channels through which the Economic Observer Network purchases Chen Shanshan Fund?
Always Forgetting the "Little Vault"?
These problems of the people are about to be resolved.
On February 10, the SFC announced that the "Fund E Account" app would be listed on mobile app stores and open trials would be conducted.
According to the report, "Fund E Account" provides individual investors with a "one-stop" inquiry service for public fund accounts and share information, aiming to solve the pain points of industry services such as forgetting accounts of small and medium investors and making inquiries.
According to Wind data, as of the end of 2022, there are 156 public fund managers in China, the size of the managed fund is about 26 trillion yuan, 167 public fund share registration institutions, and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The accounting systems of the various quota registries are independent of each other, and there is a lack of industry-wide access.
According to industry sources, by the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, which means that half of the people in the country invested in fund products.
Previously, investors had to check their purchases through different sales agencies, but through the "Fund E Account" they could check their purchases across all sales channels and see how their funds were being held at a glance.
What is the "Fund E Account" APP?
According to the relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" APP is a Chinese settlement approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission to develop the construction of the public fund industry portal mobile application, which can provide investors with a one-stop inquiry on the holding of the off-exchange shares of public fund products in the whole market.
Through the "Fund E Account," investors can easily and quickly grasp the holding status of the over-the-counter shares of each fund manager's public fund products purchased through various sales channels throughout the market, thereby improving the overall efficiency of inquiries.
Specifically, the "Fund E Account" provides investors with access to information about fund accounts opened with public fund managers across the market, trading accounts opened with public fund distributors, and the holding of off-exchange shares in products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and pooled asset management plans that do not limit the number of investors set up and managed by securities companies to 200.
According to Liu Yiqian, head of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation and Research Center, investors can learn all their OTC funds' holdings through the "Fund E Account" app in one stop to help them recover their "forgotten assets," and more importantly, to achieve a comprehensive fund investment information collection for customers, to help customers more timely, accurate, and complete understanding of their own investments, so as to better optimize their portfolio allocation and better plan their financial arrangements.
How is it registered?
According to the press, the "Fund E Account" app has been listed on mobile app stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the app is still in the public trial stage, registration requires filling out the invitation code, and investors can contact the fund manager of the fund they hold.
A customer service staff of a medium-sized and large public fund in Shanghai provided a six-digit invitation code to the Economic Watch reporter, and told the reporter, "During the trial run of the APP, China settlement provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager.
At the end of the test run, the invitation code is no longer needed when the open user is enrolled.
"
The process takes only a few minutes and consists of four steps: user registration, real name verification, fund account binding, and public fund inquiry.
After passing the real-name verification step, click the "Assets" fund binding button, and all the fund products purchased by the reporter through each fund sales platform are displayed in the binding option list (binding account), and after completing the binding, you can visually see the total assets of the fund invested and start using the query function.
It is important to note that Fund E accounts are only available for investors, not for foreclosure.
The date of the data shown in the "Fund E Account" is generally the date of the user's query (T date) forward by three trading days.
For example, if the "Fund E Account" is opened on February 10, the total assets, fund share, and fund net worth shown on the assets page are rolled forward three trading days to that date: February 7.
Copyright notice: The above contents are original works of the Economic Observer, and the copyright is owned by the Economic Observer.
Reproduction or mirroring without authorization from the Economic Observer is strictly prohibited, otherwise the legal liability of the relevant actors will be pursued in accordance with law.
Copyright cooperation: 010-60910566-1260.
Reaching Defense Consensus with the United States, Japan and the Philippines
February 9 - Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visits Japan to meet with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's aggression in the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and the leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting, saying that they would sign a trilateral defense agreement with the United States, conduct substantial defense exchanges, and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policy.
According to the Japanese media, Kishida hoped that the meeting would help the Philippines and Japan establish policies against the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcos Jr. visited China in early January and was awarded a $20 billion deal.
But since then, Sino-Philippine relations have not improved, but rather declined.
At the beginning of this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The new base is 300 kilometres from Taiwan and is the closest site to China.
In the event of a crisis in Taiwan, the US might launch an operation from a base in the Philippines.
The Japanese media now believe that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Australia, as well as the Philippines, have formed an axis with the United States to build an "arc against the Chinese Communist Party" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
ä¸­å›½äººæ°‘å…±å’Œå›½æ”¿æ²»å®¶æƒ…å ±ã€œå¤ç«‹è¨€ä¹‹æ—…ã€œ (in Chinese).
Xia Liyan, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang in Taiwan, met with Song Tao, Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, and Wang Huning, member of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the Kuomintang's official organization, the National Political Foundation, gave an interview to the Taiwan Central News Agency last night, commenting positively on what Song Tao said to Xia, as long as he agreed with the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence, China welcomed the Green Camp people to visit the mainland.
The party claims to be a new party.
This was not mentioned in the news on the day of the meeting with Song Tao.
The ruling Democratic Progressive Party of Taiwan (DPP) refused to accept the "92 Consensus."
According to the Central News Agency (CNA) today, the Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Liyan led a delegation to Beijing, where they met with Wang Huning, a member of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, and Yin Li, the secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee.
According to an interview with the Song Tao Council, the political basis of the Communist Party of China was the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence, and Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the Kuomintang's National Administration Foundation, said in the meeting that the "92 Consensus" of the Kuomintang was the original "92 Consensus."
Zhao Chunshan's analysis was different from that of previous conferences in which he participated.
In recent years, there has been an increase in the number of students who have not yet graduated from the university, and there has been an increase in the number of students who have not yet graduated from the university.
As a result, the Chinese government decided that the two sides should work together to improve relations between the two countries.
Because of the lack of mutual trust between the two peoples, the other side is still willing to work well with the Taiwanese people, and the representative does not want the relationship between the two sides to deteriorate.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning personally instructed Song Tao to "implement what they (the farmers and fishermen of Taiwan) have requested," and if it is not possible to solve the whole problem, it should be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the Kuomintang's visit to mainland China directly mentioned the daily harassment of Chinese military aircraft and warships in Taiwan, the farming and fishing problems of a small number of counties in Taiwan, or whether the Central News Agency interviewed such questions.
French trade unions once again mobilize anti-Government pension reform marches
On Saturday (11 February), French trade unions again launched a national campaign against the Government & apos; s draft pension reform, calling on the population to take to the streets to express its views.
This was the fourth day of action in the social wave that opposed the proposed reform of the Government & apos; s pension system.
The number of people who responded to the call to assemble may influence the next course of action for the trade union group.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight largest trade union groups in France have jointly launched a national mobilization, and the first time that a rally has been scheduled on a Saturday.
Given that, for most French, Saturday is a public holiday and they do not have to choose between participating in a protest or a wage strike, the trade unions hope that today's rally will attract more people.
Neither the Metro bus system nor the unions of the public railway companies called for workers to go on strike today; the bus system should be operational, citizens could travel to the meeting place by car, and in areas where schools were starting to take winter vacations, people could go on vacation normally.
The trade union group hoped that more than a million people would attend the rally today, while the police expected between 600,000 and 800,000 nationwide, and 90,000 to 120,000 in the Paris metropolitan area.
Since the start of the anti-government protests over pension reform, the number of people who actually took to the streets has declined, although polls show that most French do not support a move to raise the mandatory retirement age from the current 62 to 64.
The first strike on 31 January brought together between 1.27 million and 2.5 million people across the country.
Demonstrations on Tuesday (February 7) have shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million across the country.
This pension reform is currently under discussion in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially the radical left-wing groups, have submitted numerous proposals for amendments, so that the review process has moved slowly.
The debate between the two sides is becoming increasingly heated.
A member of parliament from the radical leftist French Insurgency Party recently posted on social media a picture of himself walking on a balloon with a picture of the Minister of Labour, provoking protests from the ruling party.
The President of the National Assembly eventually announced that the member would be barred from participating in parliamentary activities for 15 days as a penalty for such acts.
Despite the fact that this reform programme has generated the largest social movement in France in more than 20 years, the Government has so far made no significant concessions, although it has made some adjustments to the draft.
The trade unions are ready to take action again next Thursday, 16 March, and on 7 March, when the draft reform is tabled in the Senate, they are planning to organize a demonstration.
China encourages high fertility rate to universities to donate high quality
The Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province in China issued a promotion on 9 September to solicit donations of sperm from college graduates or current students, and successfully donated 8 to 12 times to receive a subsidy of RMB 4,500.
According to media reports today, the message hit the Weibo hot search that day, and triggered a follow-up initiative in many provinces and cities such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to the Freedom Times, China encourages college students to donate money.
In addition to academic qualifications, the school also requires a height of 170 cm or higher, good five senses, no obvious hair loss, and a myopia of no more than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province stated that sperm donors could receive a full male medical examination worth 1,000 yuan, "especially semen and chromosome testing, which most people have never done, is important for understanding their own fertility status."
The donor must be at least 165 cm tall, have a college degree or above, or be enrolled in a school, have a weak color blindness, or have a genetic or infectious disease such as hepatitis B, etc.
According to China's Tianmu News, the Shaanxi Human Sperm Bank printed a poster of "paid donation of sperm, unlimited glory," calling on young people to respond to donation of sperm, and encouraging netizens to forward relevant messages, "Let love pass."
For example, in the United States, a person who is eligible to receive $5,000 in cash and a person who has completed a certain number of donations can receive $5,000 in cash.
The highest known price is in Beijing, where a subsidy of up to 5,150 yuan is available.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany has died.
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement to the party, "Last night Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
As a result, our party lost an important leader.
"
On 13 November 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall, which had separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow stated that he would help transform East Germany into a democracy.
At the time, the Communist Party leadership was forced to step down as protesters throughout East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
Mikhail Gorbachev called for change in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe after the rise of the Soviet Union.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
As a result of the election, he ceased to be Prime Minister.
Despite Modello's reforms, his opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and unification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for attempting to reshape, rather than abolish, the secret police.
In 1993, Modrow was convicted of electoral fraud in the municipal elections of May 1989, but was not imprisoned.
These allegations are alleged to be politically motivated.
Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament from 1990 to 1994, and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modrow saw himself as a reformer and wanted to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old GDR to return, but that the GDR's achievements should be acknowledged.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon commander in the youth fire brigade and, towards the end of the conflict, became a member of the Volkssturm, a Nazi militia that recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 to fight in the final war effort.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by Soviet troops and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he attended anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year of the founding of East Germany, he returned home and found a job as a mechanic and continued his studies in the social sciences and economics, earning a doctorate.
Modrow was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement, which almost all young East Germans joined, and between 1973 and 1989 he was promoted to chairman of the Dresden Regional Party through the ruling Social Unity Party (SED).
He also served in the East German parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany, holding the highest state office.
Hackers in Iran to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution in support of the protest took a presidential televised speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised address by President Ibrahim Lehi.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted for about a minute on the Internet, and a group of anti-Iranian government hackers, named "Edalat Ali," appeared on the screen.
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic."
Iran commemorated the anniversary of the revolution, according to a Reuters report today, and hackers cut off state television coverage.
As Iran officially marks the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, the hardline government of Laithi faces the most daring challenge from the young protesters demanding their removal, but Laithi still calls for "deceived youth" to repent so that they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Following the death in September of 22-year-old Amini Mahsa Amini in the custody of the country's moral police, nationwide protests continued to rage in Iran.
The deadly crackdown on protests by Iran's security forces is one of the most formidable challenges facing the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overthrew the 2,500 year monarchy.
As part of an amnesty to mark the anniversary of the revolution, the Iranian authorities released on Friday the imprisoned dissident Farhad Maisami and the Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha, who had been on hunger strike.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei had issued an amnesty that included a number of prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
According to HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
A further 70 Government security personnel were reportedly killed.
As many as 19,763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and official media have been calling for a vote at Saturday & apos; s rally to demonstrate opposition to the protests and support for the Government.
On Friday night, the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, official media displayed fireworks as part of a government-sponsored celebration, shouting "Allahu Akbar!
God is the Greatest! "
However, many people could be heard shouting "Dictator to die!"
"The Death of the Islamic Republic" in a video posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television aired live footage of official gatherings in all states of the country.
In Tehran, home-made anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were on display as part of the official celebrations.
President Lacey's speeches were often interrupted by the slogan "America to the Death" - the hallmark slogan of state rallies.
The crowd shouted "Death to Israel."
According to Reuters, Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
In 2020, she was sentenced to five years in prison on national security charges.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah denied these allegations.
A week before Messami's release, supporters warned that he was at risk of death because of his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting the mandatory wearing of the headscarf.
The French Foreign Ministry responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday, calling for her freedom to be restored, "including by allowing her to return to France if she wishes."
"
Is the Balloon Event Brightening America's Eyes?
Strengthening restrictions on technology exports to China
The Wall Street Journal reported today that the US was prepared to tighten its technology exports to China further after the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials have said that the balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China, and that they will seek greater political support for increased US technological protection.
The United States claimed that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works at the Center for New American Security, a Washington think tank.
"This is certainly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the views of the hardliners."
White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, "We will also consider taking broader action to expose and respond to China's larger surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and to our allies and partners."
U.S. officials said that they had informed more than 30 governments about the balloon incident, and that international coordination was essential to deal with the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that, in addition to the Biden administration's actions, the newly established US House of Representatives Ad Hoc Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party could pressure the US to take tougher measures to slow China's development.
She said that members of Congress would be under increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which could force the White House to adopt a tougher policy.
According to the Wall Street Journal, many advocates of tighter export controls are also pushing for broader controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The US government is also developing an OFDI review program to examine whether there is a potential national-security threat from China to US investments abroad.
Analysts say the White House may be faced with calls for the plan to be rolled out more quickly.
Turkey earthquake relief around the clock
Since the devastating earthquake in Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked day and night in the rubble of thousands of destroyed buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.
In cold temperatures, they often call for silence, as they struggle to hear any sound of life from the crumbling concrete piles.
Reuters reported today that two more women were rescued days after surviving in the rubble of the earthquake.
However, the death toll from the earthquake rose to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey was 20,665, and in Syria more than 3,500.
Monday's 7.8 magnitude earthquake, followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, is the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighbouring Iran.
A similar powerful earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Turkish authorities said on Saturday that rescue workers rescued two women trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years from the ruins of a collapsed building in Turkey.
Another wounded 55-year-old man, identified as Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the ruins of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in south-eastern Turkey.
In cold temperatures, rescuers often call for silence as they struggle to hear the sound of any life in the dilapidated concrete piles.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescue workers crouched under concrete slabs and whispered "Inshallah" - "God bless" - as they carefully stretched their hands into the rubble, rescuing a 10-day-old newborn.
With his eyes wide open, the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video images show that the emergency personnel also took away his mother, who was dizzy, pale and alert on the stretcher.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, and that 31,000 aid workers had been mobilized in the affected areas.
He said that some 80,000 people were treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people had been rendered homeless by the earthquake and were crammed into makeshift shelters.
With many people lacking food in cold winter conditions, the response of the leaders of both countries to the disaster was increasingly questioned.
According to official Syrian media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad went to a hospital in Aleppo with his wife, Asma, reportedly for the first time since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said it was running out of stocks in rebel-held northwestern Syria due to the state of war complicating relief efforts.
On Friday, ErdoÄŸan visited the Turkish province of AdÄ±yaman, where he acknowledged that the government's response had not been as rapid as expected.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack ErdoÄŸan, who will run for re-election in the May 14 ballot, but may be postponed because of the disaster.
According to Reuters, anger over delays in the delivery of aid and the start of relief efforts could affect the elections.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge in ErdoÄŸan's two decades in office.
ErdoÄŸan called for solidarity and denounced what he called a "negative campaign for political gain."
Turkey's main opposition leader, Kemal Kilidaroglu, criticized the government's response.
Critics said, "The earthquake was massive, but more serious than it was was the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence."
"
Hanoi - During his visit to Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Quang and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD) on the morning of 11 February.
The University of Brunei is the largest higher education and scientific research centre in Brunei and the third largest in the region.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
The University of Brunei officially established a partnership with FPT University of Vietnam in July 2013, mainly in the area of English language training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, Moral Education, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei Darussalam has incorporated Vietnamese into its curriculum.
During the visit to Brunei University, the Prime Minister of the Government of Viet Nam, Pham Minh Thanh and his wife had an exchange with the students of the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh is pleased that more and more foreigners like to learn Vietnamese, and thus actively contributes to the promotion of Vietnamese cultural characteristics and the image of Vietnamese people throughout the world.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language faculty at the University of Brunei would grow stronger and that students in the Vietnamese language classes would become increasingly interested in the Vietnamese language, work hard to learn it, become fluent speakers of the Vietnamese language at an early date, and become ambassadors of the friendship and cooperation between the two countries.
Prime Minister Pham Minh also took the opportunity to communicate via video with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT - UBD Global Center in Da Nang to learn about their studies, especially during the epidemic.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Quang sees the partnership between FPT University of Vietnam and the University of Brunei, especially the FPT-UBD Global Centre, as a living symbol of Vietnam-Brunei educational cooperation.
It is also hoped that the students of the Center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and Japan.
In discussions with the Minister of Education and the leadership of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh spoke highly of the effectiveness of educational cooperation between the two countries, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei and the initiative of the University of Brunei to introduce Vietnamese language into the curriculum.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh hoped that the University of Brunei would continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the Vietnamese language classes.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also praised the positive results of the cooperation between the two countries based on the memorandum of understanding on educational cooperation signed in April 2014, and recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively implement short-term exchange training programs such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh highly appreciated the establishment of Brunei University in Vietnam, its first branch in Southeast Asia; believed that the University's growing scale in the region and the world; and further expanded cooperation with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister and his wife planted a memorial tree on the campus of the University of Brunei Darussalam and wrote a message on the memorial book.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh wished the University of Brunei Darussalam to continue to move forward and contribute more and more to education in Brunei Darussalam, as well as to deepen and broaden its cooperation with Vietnamese educational and training institutions.
(completed)
Viet Nam News Agency
Vietnam News Agency (VNA) HANOI - Vietnam News Agency (VNA) correspondent reported that Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife's official visit to Singapore and Brunei had been successful and achieved comprehensive, practical and concrete results.
During his three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Dinh took part in more than 30 different events.
The results have given new impetus to the development of the Vietnam-Singapore strategic partnership and the Vietnam-Singapore comprehensive partnership in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh continued to reaffirm the external line of the Party and State of Viet Nam, namely, independence, pluralism and change, as well as his readiness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries and a responsible member of the international community.
The strengthening of relations with Singapore and Brunei are the needs of their respective countries and are committed to the well-being of their peoples and to the peace, stability and development of the region and the world.
At the meetings and talks, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through the exchange of high-level delegations, effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
A number of cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on the Green and Digital Economy Partnership with Singapore and the Plan of Action for Strengthening the Vietnam-Viet Nam Comprehensive Partnership for the Period of 2023-2027 with Brunei are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Photo from Viet Nam News Agency
During his meetings with business leaders, symposiums and attendance at the Economic Forum, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh stressed that Vietnam welcomes and facilitates Singaporean and Bruneian businesses to expand their investments in Vietnam in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high-tech, and innovative ideas.
The visit not only helped deepen Vietnam's cooperation with Singapore and Brunei in traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also created a framework for cooperation in new potential areas such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation, smart city, and sustainable development.
Brunei's King Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Narendra Modi are preparing to enter the bilateral talks.
Photo from Viet Nam News Agency
During his visits to both countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh made time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese community.
In the meeting between the two leaders, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh suggested that the authorities of both countries pay more attention to each other and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local community and foster relations between the two countries.
Both proposals were endorsed and supported by the leaders of the two countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Pham shared with the leaders of the two countries their aspirations for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to work in solidarity with ASEAN countries and to enhance ASEAN & apos; s central role in the context of regional and international dynamics.
Based on the important results achieved, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thi's official visit to Singapore and Brunei has made positive contributions to the effective implementation of the 13th Party Congress's external line of prioritizing the strengthening of relations with ASEAN neighbors, the effective implementation of Conclusion No. 12 (12-KL / TW) of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam on the work of Vietnamese expatriates in the new situation, and the mobilization of national unity.
(completed)
What was the "object" that was shot down over Alaska?
Mysterious, speculative
On the afternoon of Friday (10 February), the United States military again shot down an unidentified object over Alaska, using the most advanced American stealth jet, the F-22.
The shootdown took place 10 miles off the coast of Alaska.
This was the second time the United States had shot down an aerial object in less than a week.
Last Saturday, a spy balloon from China drifted in US airspace for days before it was destroyed near the US coast of South Carolina.
The Pentagon said the second downed object entered U.S. airspace for the first time on Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeastern Alaska, flying at an altitude of 12,000 metres (40,000 ft), about the size of a small car, and much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also considered that there was currently no indication that the object was manipulable.
John Kirby, the White House National Security Council Strategic Communications Coordinator, said on Friday that while the exact nature of the high-altitude object is unknown, it "poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
Kirby stated that the object, unlike the spy balloon found in the United States, did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
Kirby said, "What we call an 'object' is the best description we can make so far."
President Biden, who had listened to the Pentagon's advice before ordering the shooting down of the object, was "very careful" in making the decision, Kirby added.
The official U.S. description of the object can be roughly summarized as follows: it is about the size of a car, has no joystick, has no suspension, and flies at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But this information does not yet answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what tasks it is carrying out.
There is much analysis and speculation online that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It is likely that, like the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, it came from China and carried out some sort of mission in different locations.
It has also been linked to the "UFO" in Alaska.
The report quoted former U.S. Representative Peter Meijer as saying on Twitter on Friday, "I wish this' UFO 'was also a spy balloon, not a legitimate UFO."
"The irony of mixing an alien craft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth starting an interstellar conflict," said Major.
Major made the tweet shortly after Kirby confirmed that the Alaskan object had been shot down.
According to Newsweek, it was not just Major who suspected the object was a UFO.
Representative Tim Burchett, a Republican from Tennessee, criticized the government's efforts to conceal intelligence last month and asked the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on "UFOs."
Amazon's customer service attitude makes me hard to believe
I don & apos; t think many people have seen this, but I would like to say a few words.
It was a zipped hoodie when we bought it, and it was a short sleeve that I was given.
As soon as I received the clothes, I contacted Amazon customer service and confirmed that the clothes were still in stock, I asked for a replacement, the customer service said to fix it, and immediately saw that the product name had changed to a short sleeve, and the link I had bought had been removed.
Then the customer service notice either keeps the goods for a certain amount of money or returns them.
Is this the Amazon approach?
Believe it or not, it was not my fault that my clothes were faulty, and as a consumer I asked for the goods I was entitled to, without making any exaggerated demands, but Amazon changed its name and said that it had no stock.
This is my first long comment, and I hope it's not my last.
Incomprehensible sleeves
The sleeves of the jacket are usually longer than the sleeves of the jacket, but they are usually 1-2 cm long, and the arm should naturally hang in the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of the jacket are covered with fingers.
Clothing is easy to buy and easy to return.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes worked well, because the size was too small and had to be returned, but after the return, more than a week has passed and no refund has been received?
And the purchaser himself had to contact the untrustworthy Quanfeng courier, which was the worst purchase he had made since buying an Amazon item!
But the store is still good, actively cooperate with the prompt courier to refund in time, but the real work of this Quanfeng courier is done quite angry, and it takes about half a month to refund, this partner is to drag the back of Amazon, work inefficiently, not service consciousness!
Better for young people
99 Seconds.
The color, texture, and texture of the trousers are good, soft and medium in thickness, and do not taste like kerosene.
Unfortunately, the form is thin and more suitable for young people.
3 XL, with a tiled waist of 2 feet 5 inches, with a maximum stretch of 4 feet, 1.79 / 80 kg wearing a slightly tighter waist.
It seems that the waist is not tight, and it is difficult to increase the waist.
In addition, the close-fitting clothing was uncomfortable.
Very good color is not very bright
More than two hundred of them were sold, which is what happened.
The first time Amazon used a co-op courier, the first time delivery was not at home, then the initiative and the courier arranged two delivery times, the courier did not deliver, then returned it directly to me, the damned courier did not have any good faith at all, it is strongly recommended not to use that courier every day.
This time a T-shirt was also returned to me, and the price was raised by more than a hundred dollars.
Amazon itself should not appear such goods
If the product is sold at a low price, it is also a good product.
I was stunned when I actually received the product, the surface of the product was worn out, there was wear in many other places, whether it was a defective product or an old one, as shown later.
I asked for a return, and the manufacturer looked at the picture and said that it was the result of the shipment. Isn & apos; t that nonsense?
How can the interior of a commodity be worn out?
There are only two possibilities, one is that the product is defective, the other that I deliberately damaged the product and then returned it.
Objectively, I have no proof that I have not damaged the product, but based on my credit history of shopping on Amazon, I do not think that such a product should appear in Amazon's own products, customer win, we win, customer win is the manufacturer's victory, thank you for your efforts to improve.
After less than a year of using the product, there were two E2s. I don't know what to do with them.
I bought this product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, the red E2 was often seen on the right side of the receiver, which should be a problem with the transmitter module, which is not consistent with the 7 years of continuous operation of the transmitter module on Amazon's website, and there is no aftermarket on Amazon's website, now I do not know what to do?
All right.
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn, and the label on the fuselage was broken.
And always the white screen.
"It's all right.
The exchange is quick, the night is a bit blurry, the perspective is not very wide, but the ordinary household is enough.
There is no need to buy a card, buy one yourself, or buy a cell phone from Amazon.
There will be a sticker on the package to prevent the package from being opened, this time no, there is also a sticker like a sticker when buying a mobile phone, which can be attached to the warranty card, this time no.
I don't know if it's cheap or not.
Waiting for supplier response
There is no sign on the package, call the supplier directly and say that the answer is not marked as genuine, such as suspected scrap mail to Johnson & amp; Johnson inspection, leave the license plate number and phone number, promise to send a text message to enter my information into the Johnson & amp; Johnson warranty card, and have not received a text message yet?
Oil was received in the morning and changed in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own products are very reassuring.
It is said that the oil is clean and good.
Because it was the second purchase.
So it's still very safe.
The delivery was fast, the package was not in a picky place, the oil was used, and the engine sound was noticeably reduced.
Good value for money, it is difficult to find synthetic oil below 200.
Support for the Star Crown, support for the winning card, and effective protection for the car.
Amazon in Japan seriously damaged the interests of buyers due to customer service problems (8c caterpillars shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8c = 14cm, 8c = 2c)
Admitting the error, but always prevaricating, always emphasizing that the goods were third parties and could not bind them.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
When I bought the page size options 7c, 8c, and 9c, I thought it was a trap, called Nichia's customer service and told them clearly that 8c was 8c, but when the product came back to China, I found that it was only 8cm, which I thought was just a deliberate trap set to trap the Chinese (according to Amazon's after-sales service).
Chinese customer service: I am sorry, we have caused you a loss, we have given you two ways:
1. You return the goods, and the buyer bears all the shipping costs.
If you do not return it, we will reimburse you 1,000 yen.
(I checked the account, shoes 4000 yen, 200 rmb, choice 1, I do not have shoes, I lost 200 yuan.)
The second option, I have shoes, finally compensated me 2,000 yen, finally lost at 150 rmb customer service: We have recorded it, we will take it seriously, the next day I returned to the mail, saying that I do not accept Chinese customer service mediation, and that's it.
When I suggested the confusing option of buying pages 7c, 8c, and 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me by saying that Japanese common codes do not carry c, like 140, but did you go to any other caterpillar pages?
There is a common misconception that there is a common misconception.
Also, why do you put 8 cm between 7c and 9c, and what do you mean by the smallest size?
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese service, but we do not know that you are going to return home, so we do not pay for your freight.
I don't understand this logic anymore, I'm Japanese, I want Chinese customer service, China living in Japan does not need Chinese customer service, I go to Japan as a tourist, I don't have that kind of kung fu to call international long distance, then the question comes, who needs to call Amazon overseas to buy Chinese phone, it's nothing like me.
Didn't Amazon's Chinese customer service make it easier for those of us on the Internet?
This purchase is not very satisfactory
This was the second time that Pampers diapers had been purchased from Amazon, having bought a box of diapers from European paper when the baby was two months old, and the first purchase was satisfactory, as the baby used a diaper all night and did not change the diaper for 12 hours.
For example, in the case of the "L" diaper, there are two separate bags of diapers, and when the bag is opened, it is felt that the paper is looser than it should be, and there is no sign of a rash or urine leak after it has been used for babies.
However, after the second diaper bag, the baby's inner thigh developed a red rash, which has not yet subsided.
There are two cases where the quality is not the same.
No more purchases should be made!
I want to pay attention to the transport protection of the package
It was the worst package shipment I've seen in a long time, with no protection at all, no cushioning foam, no parcels of cushioning material, nothing.
A box of compressed deformation.
Also, the soft plastic box inside is packed, and the card box is pressed open until it is deformed.
The quality of the product is guaranteed, and it is no longer possible to purchase anything from Amazonia.
It would be better to have half the domestic cost and have a point of security.
And the packaging of commodities, as I see it, was commented on in 2016, 19 years now, is still the same.
It is important to note that Amazon does not pay much attention to service feedback, and it is far from being home to the likes of Jingdong and Tmall.
Pretty, but a little sorry
The color of the cup is my favorite, orange, although my family is a man's treasure, but I think that orange and yellow are bright.
It was smaller than I thought, but it was supposed to be brought out, so it was acceptable.
When he returned home last night and tried it, the cap was pushed open, and the distance between the straw and the lid was too close, because the position of the straw was perpendicular to the top of the cap, so the son always had to hold the top of the lid and drink water, thinking that the place could be improved.
It seems that other brands of suction cups still make sense to tilt the straws, and children's things are really about safety and comfort.
Lightweight, large capacity
I like it because it's light, it's big, it's two separate pockets, it's kind of superfluous for me, I don't know what to put in.
It was found that there was another similar brand on the overseas purchase of the United States of America, which was worth less than two hundred dollars.
Fake, especially fake
Amazon sells fakes, and I wear them.
The customer service said they could not return it because it was used, and I did not know how to know that it was a fake.
In the end, it turns out to be a good idea to buy something, to buy it, to buy it, to buy it.
As a result of this, I have no choice but to submit it to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce's e-commerce platform.
Bad?
Fake?
In short, tragedy.
This is the first time that a person has been shown to have a strong sense of smell, but it is also the second time that a person has been shown to have a strong sense of smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, smell, etc.
There is no longer any doubt that it was the same as the previous one, and it is now in its infancy.
It's a little bit like the smell of poor-quality scalding water.
Is it unthinkable that Amazon's own skincare products will have to be avoided?
What a mess.
In this case, the customer would be asked to pay $100 for the service, and the customer would be asked to pay $100 for the service, and the customer would be asked to pay $100 for the service, and the customer would be asked to pay $100 for the service, and the customer would be asked to pay $100 for the service.
Feeling after use
For the first time in the history of the world, there is no doubt that it was the first time in the history of the world that a person was born, and that he was born, and that it was the first time in his life that he was born, and that it was the first time in his life that he was born, and that it was the first time in his life that he was born, and that he never died.
Anyway, I think this is really good.
The second order was placed from number 27 and received in number 12 for a total of 15 days or half a month, and Amazon's delivery service was excellent.
Third, don't believe in a black Friday on Amazon, and place an order on Friday and wait for two days to get close to $12, which means I buy more than 170 (plus shipping and so on).
What the customer service said about the price fluctuation, I focused on the price for more than 10 days just like that, and the fluctuation was small.
Affordable, made in Japan, labelled in Chinese, with granules, absolutely buy back!
There are a number of different types of teeth, some of which are very smooth, some of which are slightly thicker than the rest of the teeth, and some of which are slightly thicker than the rest of the teeth.
As a result, Amazon will no longer be able to sell its products.
To give you some advice on how Amazon's apps can sometimes get sunburned, how to improve some apps, how to do better and better!
Excellent years, getting worse, no quality of service at all!
Special delivery time 19: 00-22: 00 when placing an order regardless of customer needs.
It is only at night when there are elderly people in the house who are inconvenient to sleep in after surgery.
As a result, it was delivered directly to the door at 12 o'clock, without any advance notice by telephone.
If the delivery time is as short as your courier wants, why take the time to let the customer choose?
If their own logistics can not guarantee the service, then simply do not become an electricity supplier!
Let an old man with three wounds get out of bed and open the door to the courier for a change!
There is a telephone number on the order!
No one called to explain!
The so-called complaint service is a group of outsiders who pretend to be there, amplify your complaint and then give you a so-called reply.
There will be no change or compensation!
I've had this kind of problem with delivery times before, but this time it's too much!
After the sale of the new book, the front cover and back cover are reversed, so it is obvious that the quality of the book will be closed to the customer.
No one will be able to contact you.
Excellent years, getting worse, no quality of service at all!
No more spending a dime on excellence.
Image quality is really unacceptable
As a title such as "Ancient Atlas," the book is difficult to accept in terms of the selection, layout, and printing of the images, some of which are even mosaics, blurred to the point of being unrecognizable.
Even if the book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should be worthy of the magnificent ancient documents left by the ancestors in the catalogue!
(And many of the images can be obtained from relevant industry sources with clear raw documents.) What is the difference between piecing together a book with such images and not using them?
I'm very sorry for that kind of academic attitude.
There is no way to tell the difference between the two.
2 stars.
The second book I read in high school was just a boring look at the state of mind, and I felt that the book itself should not be addicted to it, after all, the beginning of the Internet was not very attractive to me.
And then... it fell into the pit.
The book is generally considered to be the best book of the series, as it was written in the early days of the comic book series, although it is not as well known as the first book in the series.
As for the part of the game, I wrote a little bittersweet feeling of the change of the times between the old and the new (probably my sentimentality).
It took me a lot of time to read the book, but I couldn't stop.
The characters are often portrayed in a way that makes them feel like they are in the right place, and the characters are often portrayed in a way that makes them feel like they are in the right place at the right time, such as when they are in the right place at the right time, or when they are in the wrong place at the right time, such as when they are in the wrong place.
On the other hand, there is no such thing as a full time job on the Internet, which is generally criticized as 30 million or more beautiful or corrupt, and the feelings of all of them have one thing in common: they like to glorify the game, and most want to win.
There is no big conspiracy, and everyone looks so simple and cute.
Perhaps that is why there is no annoying role to play full-time.
Full-time IP is big, thanks to that.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of the Internet, a full-time job is a good book.
How much he really gives people some hot blood, a little touched.
In April of this year, full time will be animated.
In fact, I've been trying to buy this book for a long time, because it's not always thick enough, and when I wanted to buy it, I found that it was a fake on tb, but in fact, a full-time recent version has come out, and I like the cover picture, but I'm going to buy the old version first, so I looked at it on Amazon and bought it at once.
Then briefly talk about the situation of the goods.
The fourth book has no seal, but the book is new.
In the 17th century, there was a need for a new style of writing, but this was not the case in the 19th century.
:: The 23rd book is the same as the 17th book, but it is also harder than the 17th book, but very old.
:: The publishers of individual books are different, as if 23 and 17 were the same publisher, and different from others.
:: Overall satisfactory, 24 boxes, very satisfactory.
The Lonely Lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as "The Lost Corner," and the result was a lot of text!
After reading the book three times, he read it to the children, a little lion who can shoot, and a little lion who loves juice candy.
When the lion eats the hunter, it is a little uncomfortable, and the modern city people do not accept this arrangement of eating animals.
In the end, the lion, who had succeeded in human society, lost himself and was no longer a full lion or a full man.
In the end, only the back of the lion remains, and it is not known where he went.
Perhaps years later, the image of the lion remains in the memory of a grown child, who may be touched or inspired by an inadvertent recollection of her one day.
Cost-effective collection of works
I don't know if it was the first time, but I think it was the first time that I was able to do that, and I think it was the first time that I was able to do that.
The largest edition, like the complete Michelangelo collection, is nearly 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the middle edition is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this edition is the smallest of the two, with a book box.
It was also acceptable, as it was cheaper and more than 700 pages split into two, which could be easily read as a paperback edition; secondly, unlike the complete Michelangelo collection, which was dominated by paintings, the manuscript in black and white by Leonardo da Vinci was the majority, and the edition was the best value for money as an appreciation of the paintings and manuscripts for budget-constrained, non-art readers.
The painting part of the explanation is excellent, there is composition analysis, draft analysis and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I do not know whether it is printing or book size problem, some of the shadow parts are too deep, I can not see the details, I am a little sorry.
In contrast to Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer.
The former is already a genius, the latter is a wide range of achievements, is not enough to be a genius.
If only half of the Leonardo da Vinci paintings had been seen, the manuscript would have been completely lost in language.
Garbage, who buys it and repents!
Never give a bad opinion, this real garbage, buy a waste of money, give a reason!
1. When the time is not right, it suddenly becomes 1 January, and the time goes to zero.
2. A low-quality belt, none of which is made of silicone, with an allergy to the wrist and blisters.
3. often not connected to the mobile phone.
4. The flight lasts only five days.
5. Sleep tests do not show that the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other.
Logistics is too slow
Retrieved October 21, 2016. ã€çµæžœã€‘ ï¼‘ï¼ æœˆ ï¼‘ï¼ æ—¥ ï¼ˆ æ—¥ ï¼‰ æ¿æ©‹ã‚°ãƒªãƒ¼ãƒ³ãƒ›ãƒ¼ãƒ«.
Courier delivery is so bad that Amazon is already slow to buy things, and I didn't expect it to be so slow!
Overall satisfactory
In the beginning, I was worried about the packaging of the camera, this time it was fine, there was an inflatable bag inside, the camera was consistent, it was also possible to register on the official website, the number of fast doors 0, the rest can only wait for the time to check.
It was not long before I heard the sound of the door opening, and I could not help but feel that the door was open, and that the door was open, and that I could not open it in front of him.
Merchant before shipping for the sake of the customer:)
The business was more responsible, calling specifically to ask for the screen size of the camera used, and indeed for the customer & apos; s sake.
Delivery is also fast.
It is also a good place to start.
Battery charge dissatisfaction
The machine is really good, I want to ask how to charge for the first time, I am dissatisfied, the charging indicator is red
There is currently no official Amazon feedback channel, so feedback can only be provided in product reviews.
1. On March 29, the book was purchased for $31 through pre-order, indicating that the March 31 issue would be pushed to the device, at which time the book could not be previewed on Amazon's official website (as it had not yet been released).
2. The book, which was sent to the device on March 31, is blank and only to be expected, while the electronic version of the book on Amazon has been reduced to $18;
In the second half of the book, it is revealed that the book is not available on Amazon's official website, but is available on Amazon's official website.
Now I have a few thoughts.
The question of the price is not really the most important, the key is how to replace a blank book on the kindle with a book with actual content, instead of downloading it forever.
2. The books purchased in advance should not be purchased again, after all, in the event that a ticket is skipped and a book with an empty content is downloaded, the procedure appears to be very complicated;
For example, if you have a question about an e-book download, or if you have a question about the use of an e-book download, you can give a local feedback (either a ticket or online customer service, see how the Microsoft Store works).
Not very recommended to read
I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see it after reading it with my memory.
The book is not a collection of short stories, but rather a collection of fragments of life's love.
The book's tone is extremely plain, like that of boiling water, and the words are the ultimate pursuit of simplicity, and the plot is as quiet as the streets of summer afternoons.
Each short story is a brief sketch of ordinary life, with no beginning and no end.
The final collection was titled "What We're Talking About When We Talk About Love."
I think that this collection of novels, and its title, like a kind of performance art, the author wants to express that love is not only a sad discord on the stage, a dry stone in the urban legend, but also a love that is not only above but should not be represented, love is also a life as flat as water, boring day after day, there is also a uncertainty about life, reality escape, and the future.
When you read the book, you may think of a couple quarreling next to you, an awkward marriage with someone you know, and an unhappy feeling.
That's why I don't recommend reading it, and from an aesthetic point of view, the writing and the plot are boring, and unless your life is stormy or sweet enough to live in a candy castle, you have to read it as if you were bored. "
And, in terms of the depth of thought, the everyday plot does not brighten or expand one's thinking and perspective (unlike MÃ¡rquez's Love in the Cholera), and the short clip does not explore any issues, such as what mistakes led to the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, it doesn't make much sense to read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed through techniques and genres rather than storylines, which explains the poor reading experience of the book.
Suitable for rough reading, can not take a closer look.
The logic of the book is good, but the content is not plentiful.
A lot of sales theory is explained what and why, but in terms of how to do it is very weak, just pointed out the direction but do not give specific practice.
In addition, the book feels like a patchwork.
Examples include both domestic and foreign; both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and unknown people.
It is not known whether the story was compiled for the sake of example, but it would be more convincing to cite some of the authors & apos; personal experiences.
In the customer or the name of the customer to change.
The title is still the customer, the text becomes the customer.
There are also problems with typos, missing punctuation, and incorrect numbering in e-books.
In short, this book is a good introduction to theory, but it is not suitable for those who are already in sales and want to improve their sales.
A quick introduction to Internet Finance
The book is shallow and can be said to be just an introductory course that can help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but if you want to know more about it, you have to find it and dig it yourself.
In addition, the book was written earlier, and the content of the later Alipay WeChat to cultivate user habits through the subsidy war has not yet been mentioned, and the third party payment share is not as small as it is said in the book.
Many of the people who went out to eat had to bring a mobile phone, and the bank had to abandon the use of UnionPay due to the high cost of the bank.
However, it is also important to note that the author of the book is very knowledgeable about the history of financial development both in Japan and abroad, as he has at least many years of experience in financial observation, so he is able to write such easy-to-understand content.
It is easy to write and easy to understand.
Admire you, and let you know!
The first factor in determining a person's job satisfaction is not the level of pay, but whether or not they are sufficiently valued and appreciated at work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, after a person's basic survival needs have been met, the most pressing need is the satisfaction of psychological needs - the desire to be understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for most people, it is "hard to love you in your heart," and even with love, gratitude, and appreciation, it is silently unspoken.
In the book, the author describes five types of language of appreciation: positive words, careful moments, acts of service, gifts of gratification, and physical contact.
What I think is important is not that you know what the five languages are, but that you can appreciate them from the bottom of your heart, anytime, anywhere, and be grateful to those around you, whether they be family, friends, or colleagues.
The closer we are, the more appreciative and grateful we are, and the better our lives will be.
The Society also appreciates the extent to which companies can retain talent and reduce the rate of resignations.
Thanks to the translators who brought us wonderful foreign ideas and the world.
Due to the cultural differences between the two languages, it is believed that the authors of the original texts would have gained more if they had had a chance to see them.
Again, thank you to the authors, translators and editors for their hard work!
Suspected of counterfeit goods, review them carefully.
Super poor quality, loose packaging, no weight, even worse than roadside stalls, no weight, no bar code, ten bags of packaging is also loose, completely not the characteristics of qualified products; Amazon's worst shopping experience, has applied for a return; is a matter of quality; advises merchants to polish their eyes and refuse inferior goods; Supplement: bought another heart print, supermarket 23 yuan / 10 rolls, added a few comparative photos to further verify the falsity of the product, in order to give consumers a clearer reference, to avoid economic loss and further discomfort!
Once again, Amazon is expected to be meticulous about the source of its products.
There is a gap between slack products and expectations
Advantages:
1. Big brand, cheap price.
Advantage 2: Both the motor and blade are guaranteed by PANASONIC and are OK to use, but there is a gap with my expectations.
Disadvantage:
There is no charge indicator, and the most basic of your power instructions are omitted, and the customer who buys the estimated $300 product is also a charity in the eyes of Panasonic PANASONIC.
When charged with a strong odor, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, it can smell the strong smell of burning plastic.
One day, the whole room was filled with plastic.
Compared to the Philips PHILIPS of the same price range that I used before, this product, Panasonic, the quality is really sorry for the consumer.
Small packaging
It is also possible to see that the product is more or less identical to the original product, and that the product is more or less the same as the original product.
"'ë³µë©´ê°€ì™•' ë™ë°©ì‹ ê¸°, 3 ì£¼ì—°ì† 1 ìœ„... ì´ìƒìˆ˜ìƒìˆ˜ìƒ, ì´ìƒìˆ˜ìƒìˆ˜ìƒ."
The store has a long history of selling and selling goods to supermarkets.
The Purple Sauce.
I don't like it.
The children do not like the taste of toothpaste, and each time it is hot, it may be better described by another word, which is temporarily the only word in the child's vocabulary.
It's a good idea to buy four stars, but they're not going to buy any more.
This is a good idea.
The packaging is complete, with an inflatable bag inside, and there is no online review except for the bare appearance of a product.
There was also a layer of plastic film on the bottle's outer packaging, as shown in the picture, and the courier was quick to arrive the next day.
It is not known when it was sold, but it is known when it was sold.
A terrible shopping experience
For example, in the case of a person who has been in a relationship for more than five years, the relationship between the relationship and the relationship between the husband and wife, the relationship between the husband and wife, the relationship between the husband and wife, the relationship between the husband and wife, the relationship between the husband and wife, the relationship between the husband and wife, the relationship between the husband and the wife, the relationship between the husband and the wife, the relationship between the husband and the wife, and the relationship between the husband and the wife.
Wrong layout
I thought I would receive a headphone like Figure 1, but I received a headphone like Figure 2. What does it mean if the figures are not consistent?
Although the names are the same, I hope that you will be careful and ask Amazon to change the correct layout in time, thank you very much.
Operating system General
For a while, the overall picture was fine, and I didn't feel any difference, except that the system was tangled, booting time was obviously a bit slow, and the software that came with it didn't have to be commented on, and the response was more general, and it wasn't an order of magnitude better than that of my colleagues.
When I look at the reviews, it's a very human design, I don't find where I'm humanized, and the remote control, which is usually up and down and left and right, returns to the position of the key design is really not flattering.
So, just be a TV, add a TV box and so on.
The price reduction is too great
The price has dropped so much that it is now 99!
A lot of unreviewed orders have accumulated on Amazon, so I use a copy of the same passage as a review.
If I use this phrase in my evaluation, it means that the product has a score of at least 85.
I would never be too lazy to copy and paste a bad product, so that other consumers can use it as a reference when they buy it, and so that the seller can improve the quality of the product.
Good line, no fever is enough!
Such a cheap line, but it should meet the hdmi certification standard, personally compare the killing domestic Akihabara these dog-farting toys (the price is twice as expensive), the wire body is thick, soft, 7 meters transmission without noise, later the low line is considered to be double!
Something is fine, but Amazon's after-sales service is really far worse than other websites.
After the order was placed, it was discovered that a mistake had been made, but the order could not be cancelled, and the website contact online customer service always displayed the wrong link and could not be contacted.
The delivery man called me, and I said I didn't want it, and the person who wanted to cancel the order didn't succeed, so the delivery man took it back and said he'd sign it and ask me to return it.
If the customer does not return the product, the customer is not allowed to return the product, and the customer is not allowed to return the product.
I had previously bought items in Jingdong and Suning that cannot be returned according to the policy, including milk, diapers, etc., contact customer service has been returned, and Jingdong's diapers have been opened and the taste is too big to contact customer service has been returned, you can not go to Amazon.
Rules are dead, people are alive, contact your customer service, how do you deal with it?
Tell me whether I should take it myself, or let the dispatcher buy it himself, since it would not be easy for someone else to do so, why should I ask someone else to pay for something they did not buy themselves?
Okay, I'm not going back, I'm taking it myself, but I have to give you one point for your service
Don't Pay Money
In the first place, if you look at the packaging, you can see that it is good, but there is a box that is basically soft and soft, and the appearance is not visible, you have to feel it, eat it in your mouth completely without taste, you have no taste, you bite the pulp a circle is dark yellow or bad, it is good or bad, you can eat less than a third, you are advised not to buy it, it is not cheap, the quality is too bad!
Eat a dime, and never again buy fruit from an online store!
What Is The National Debt Limit
The depression at the bottom of the bottle should have been caused by a strong impact, and the degree of devastation felt in the overpack is heartening, after all, the packaging of the food is too simple, it is international, there is no visible anti-counterfeiting sign, the bottle is easy to open, the key is that a layer of honey in the lid comes out directly from the inside, the opening is almost not sticky, is it the same for foreign products?
I was born in China and I don't understand.
Should it be genuine?
This was the first time I was abroad, and I just wrote down my doubts, maybe it's normal?
Delivery services to be improved
In the first round, the contestants were given five minutes to choose from, and then three minutes to choose from, and then three minutes to choose from, and then the contestant was asked to choose one of the three options; the contestant was asked to choose one of the three options; the contestant was asked to choose one of the three options, and the contestant was asked to choose one of the three options.
Good shopping
Good Luck!
For example, in the United States, it is more common to buy goods from Amazon than from other countries, and to buy goods from Amazon within a few days, so it is more common to buy goods from Amazon than from other countries.
It was hoped that the quality and prices of domestic goods would be better, and that many of them would be domestically produced, but it would be cheaper to go out and buy them back than at home, and it was hoped that improvements would be made.
Garbage
When you look at this package, ask: Do you think it's garbage on the roadside?
Is it responsible for a fragile plastic package that comes in a plastic bag from the so-called Germany?
I see such packaging as rubbish, buy this product, it is in a rudimentary packaging, without any protection against breakage, it is in a simple plastic bag, and when it is in hand, the package is completely deformed and the contents are damaged.
If I just come across one of these, I recognize it, I buy several of them like this, I look to Amazon customer service, the customer service says that I can refund, but the shipping fee is advanced, and the shipping fee is returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I ask you, I paid for the shipping in cash, and you gave me back the gift card, and I was asked to buy your gift card myself and say it, and to mail the product to a German warehouse myself, and it was not a crime to buy a product!
And I've been saying to the customer service, who is responsible for such a problem, the customer service does not say that it is their responsibility, they do not dare to take even half of the responsibility, what is the guarantee of such after-sales service?
5 stars of good quality and poor logistics
1. Good quality, good price, good value for money.
2, strong, with sufficient material, solder joints are firm, the surface treatment is correct, the color is very good.
3, logistics is hard, 3 under the single, 11 to arrive.
Fourth, I would have been happy if Amazon had not indicated that the expected delivery date was February 7.
5, but indicating the expected arrival time is equivalent to giving a promise to the user, when the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user is uncomfortable.
6. If you do not give the assurance of commitment, please do not make a commitment.
7, in fact, I am very concerned about the promises made by the merchants.
8, so I got a low score.
the gold thread will fade.
The effect is still there, but whether the feeling is obvious depends on the individual or the psychological effect.
It is not a good thing that the gold line was designed to look good, but in fact, the gold line will fade and be placed in the car, if you touch it a few times, your hands, and the car, there will be some gold powder.
Hope the product can be improved.
It is not uncommon for a car to fall off the ground and fall onto the ground, causing damage to the car.
Things in good condition, speed, 2 parcels in different packages
For example, in the case of an 8-bit integer, the number of bits in the array is the number of bits in the array, the number of bits in the array is the number of bits in the array, the number of bits in the array, the number of bits in the array, the number of bits in the array, and the number of bits in the array.
Aran mattress is really good
A 34CM mattress is not usually thick, so it is not necessary to place the bed directly on the mattress.
He is very good at both the front and back, very soft, sleeps well, and quickly falls asleep while lying on top.
After receiving the mattress, there were two stains on the courier's violent transport, and Arran's customer service was very responsible and efficient in contacting them to resolve the problem.
It's Not Self-Made, the Amazon is shameless
It is the responsibility of the seller to ensure that the goods are delivered to the buyer, and the seller is responsible for ensuring that the goods are delivered.
I want to cancel the order, I'm sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier, I can not cancel; I want to return, I have successfully applied for a return at Amazon, I'm sorry, there is no one to take care of you, you need to contact the supplier yourself to return.
This is the first time I've seen it.
The product is not Amazon, Amazon does not pay, the customer service says "I will help you contact the supplier," and claims that it is self-employed, too shameless, too naked, too naked to cheat on the consumer!
A depressing experience
The filter, which was previously purchased on the Internet, was well filtered and used for another day or two after the end of 28 days without scaling.
This is the first time that I have been able to buy a filter in Amazon, and it feels so good, not only has the scale started early, but the filter has been used for 28 days, there will be a little black carbon floating, I do not know if I will continue to use it or throw it directly, it is very depressed.
Not as good as I thought.
Compared to the wiring boards I have used in the past, the exterior work is common, and how the interior is not opened, but as described by the shopkeeper, from the point of view of ease of use, whether each independent unit is energized or not
The packaging was damaged and time was allowed to check the quality of the product.
The outside packaging is damaged, the box inside seems to be new, but the instruction manual seems not to be new, it was renovated in September, it was stocked in the hope that it will not be bad, please Amazon explain why several customers mentioned the package was damaged, but you can rest easy, thank you!
Generally good, a little problem
The first time I bought a water filter, I read a few review articles, I felt that the cost of LAICA was higher than this, I received the goods according to the instructions, I loaded the filter, I tried it, I felt good, but when I poured water, it seemed that the raw water would be mixed with the treated water from the spout (the original water tank sealing is not too strict).
When you use it, you must wait for all the water to be filtered before pouring it out!
Picture incomplete
There is no detail on the side of the picture, and the detail on the side is very different from the style of the subject, which is one; this bead is from Thailand, which is not indicated, which is the second; the texture is not indicated, which is the third; when I bought it in England, it was clear that each item had a box, there was a simple plastic bag, and there was no product logo on the bead, so I could tell if it was true or false.
It is important to be careful about what you buy, especially if it comes from Hong Kong.
Amazon Customer Service
The order was received two days ago and found to have dropped $40 today, and it took a lot of time to find the customer service, who said that they could not make up the difference and could buy it again and return it.
This customer experience and service than a Bao Dong really ten thousand times worse.
Well, as a novice, it is worth starting
It was the first time I had ever played in a major league, and it was the first time I had ever played in a major league, and it was the first time I had played in a major league.
It's a good thing.
It was really good, I sent it to my girlfriend, but I was a little unhappy when I was not in Canada Express at noon, the logistics company put it in the mail deposit and did not send me the verification text of the pickup, I ran two times.
It's really good.
Worth buying
The next day, the little monkey, who is cute and amazingly powerful, delivers the package directly from the official website, and the order was placed the previous night, and received it this afternoon.
Postal couriers are also responsible.
Praise!
Confession of a customer
1 After receiving the defective product, Amazon customer service will tell you not to rush, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service agent, who will tell you that the matter will be dealt with by the commissioner, who will inform you of the outcome.
You never actively contact the commissioner, you never know her job number, you never have a direct telephone line, you never contact her, she only contacts you.
Tragically, I waited for nearly three days, and the commissioner contacted me, and I left my cell phone for a while without receiving a call from the commissioner.
I waited for two hours and did not wait for the call from the commissioner, during which time I contacted Amazon customer service and emailed the customer service to call me back.
Four days have passed, and I still don't know what will happen to Amazon if I receive this faulty coffee machine!
There is no problem with the products of the United States Amazon, and purchasing from overseas is a good way to go, but it is far worse than the services of the United States and Asia.
6 For me I can only continue to wait...
The Bottom Line
In this case, it is important to note that all of the ingredients in the recipe are very similar to the original recipe, but it is important to note that the ingredients in the recipe are very similar to the original recipe, and that the ingredients in the recipe are very similar to the ingredients in the recipe, so the ingredients in the recipe are very different.
I don't know if I was lucky enough to get the bottom of the pot, but I was lucky enough to get a month's return service from Amazon, which I did decisively.
I had to clean the pot, and I had to work for half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve
This is a product with a very simple design.
In the shape of a cube, the designer treated the top with a slightly curved surface.
It should have been a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the end result was not achieved.
Because of the two parts at the top, the front is the control panel, and the back is the top cover of the water box.
The curve of the top cover is not consistent with the curve of the control panel, and the concatenation results in a height difference of up to 2 mm.
Although it looks like a small gap.
But it can be said that the whole sense of design has been destroyed.
The product designer was a little distressed.
It seems that the beauty of the product manager has not yet the ability to create such a level of product.
(Of course, the feedback for the after-sales lady cannot be too high, but when I heard the after-sales lady say that all the individuals of this product are like this, not only the one I bought is problematic, her disgust and honest heavy feelings make me understand that I can not ask too much for beauty.)
Good deal, Amazon fake deal is sad
The baby is born one week after the birth and is extremely warm.
The outside of the pot does not feel any heat, so it is not necessary to heat the pot to prevent it from spreading.
After a night in the air conditioned room can still maintain a high temperature.
Amazon said that the anniversary campaign 320 great deals, later found that everyone has 249,289,299, there is a feeling of instant deception, but going to the supermarket is still more cost-effective than various miscellaneous cards at the same price, and can be carried with the car in the future.
Vitamix 6300
After a long wait, the United States and Asia saw a discount of 6300, and Central Asia bought the same amount of money overseas.
On September 2, the order was placed, and the expected arrival was number 21, and the result was number 12, almost 10 days ahead of schedule.
The box is small, the original Vitamix is used, and Amazon is not afraid of breaking down when it floats across the ocean!
The machine looked very new, the accessories were complete, the cup was shaking so much on the pedestal that I was afraid that the boot cup would fly out directly!
I asked a friend who had 5200, and he told me that it was as if I didn't have this one so loose.
The English version of the book, which comes with a random recipe, is quite tiresome, and there is no Chinese version on the Internet, which is a problem!
I bought a transformer quickly after receiving the goods, it is estimated that it will be three days, and then it will be good!
It is small, unbranched, and flat.
Not big at all!
For example, in the following example, the word "large" is used for a large number of people, and the word "large" is used for a large number of people, and the word "large" is used for a large number of people.
It was the first time I had ever been in a relationship with someone.
It doesn't feel good
The first is that the box is not very strong, it is deformed with a click, the second is that the flat design on the back prevents the ABS on the top of the box from scratching and does not work, the third is that the box is wrapped with a piece of cloth, the place where the rod stands out... and so on.
PS: The wheels really feel good
Yes, you can.
The bag is more elaborate and looks more durable.
Disadvantages: The two-dimensional code on the card can not be swept (what to do), the 15.6-inch notebook can not be put down (no matter how long it is a little), the backpack zipper can be locked, but it does not prepare a lock for the buyer, it is not a service first.
All right, I don't know if it's leather.
It is important to note that if you do not know what you are doing, you will not be able to do it.
A file in A4 format can hold 80 pages thick, but too thick and too hard to hold a (non-deformable) box-like object.
The inside of the bag is soft, and the inside of the bag is more humane, or quite good.
But this bottom I got had a small trachoma, and I don't know if it's my bad character or not.
I'm going back and forth, I'm going back and forth.
All four stars are in the same order of magnitude.
ForRoyal Camera Strap SLR Strap
The strap was designed to be more scientific, practical, and practical, with a soft material on the chest to secure and protect the camera, unlike other fast shooters who used screws to secure the bottom of the camera, and it was easy to remove the camera.
Garbage sale
The piano I bought a month and a half ago was missing a part, and after informing Amazon and giving me a phone call after the sale, after many communications, the part has not been received yet.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at any time, we will be happy to assist you.
Small defect, good sound
There is a lack of sound, a lack of sound, and a lack of sound, but the quality of the sound is good.
All Right, First Face
It took a long time, except for the low end, which was generally good.
The work is not as perfect as imagined.
When I bought it for the first time, there was a problem with something, and all the lights were flashing and unusable.
The exchange was ordered, and the goods were delivered to Shanghai three days later.
I didn't answer the phone.
The courier company said that they had only that contact.
Amazon can't find a place to complain.
There was no request, and in the case of late delivery, somehow the delivery was delayed according to my request - such a text message came.
"What do you mean?"
The poor shopping experience led to doubts about the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
I don't think so.
The label is too sticky and not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the printed content is not waterproof and does not have a film on the surface; the label is not sticky enough for cable labels, and it is very easy to fall off.
The pen was OK, but the wrapping was so rudimentary that there was no protection for a paper box, and the box was glued with a large piece of transparent glue, which was ripped out of the box.
It cost $600 and was a disappointment.
It's not a problem.
Hope to see more improvements on the packaging!
If the quality is not good enough, it is better than 925-25.
First of all, let's praise the daily express, the airmail, super fast, the service attitude is also good!
925-25 has been used, very good, just received 925-85, the quality of the pen is not good, the style is also very beautiful, the reason for giving four stars is that the pen is a bit heavy, not suitable for quick writing, the pen hat adjusts the length of the lead lead core a little shaking, personal opinion: 925-25 is more comfortable than 85.
So it became the Amazon Faithful.
The price was too high, and the children did not like to read.
It has been restored and is available for free to purchase.
It's a cow.
It is not recommended for return, but this service is the only one in China.
Hope not to be abused.
The book was later sold to a local bookseller.
Headphone eccentricity and noise
I don't know if it's a problem with my ears, or if it's really worse than it used to be.
Two years ago I bought a blue one at a convenience store, the sound quality is good, there is no murmur bass is also good, after more than two years of bad use I am going to buy another (ur beats), after all it feels good.
It was a good day, but it was a bad day, and I had to get up and go to bed.
At first I didn't think much about it because of the sound effects of the song, but after listening for half a day, I found out that the problem was serious, not only the bias, the bass effect was not good, the previous one sounded good, there was a little noise, is there only this phenomenon in the purple that I bought, or is the manufacturing process of the headphones really bad now?
Very poor evaluation, very disappointing.
Be sure to return tomorrow during the day.
PS face value is good
The exterior of the building is highly ornamented, and has a high level of heat.
The Sound Will Take a Time to Review!
On August 14, the German version of DN1080 was released.
1. Front panel, knobs are plastic.
2. The rear panel audio input jack, the speaker output terminals are all good and bad, any of the 1000-2000 CD amplifier integrated machine is much better than this one.
3. The top cover was rather thin, and my transformer was still recessed on the side, so I had to unpack it and use my hands to recover it, and the top cover and front panel were loosened.
4. The centre of gravity of the entire machine is tilted towards the transformer end and is awkward to move.
The song was inspired by the song "Sonic the Hedgehog," which was released in Malaysia.
It feels like Sony is going to put in China foundry much better than a pony.
The heat generated by the machine is so great that the top cover of the two-channel film can be touched by hand for about two hours, and it is not known whether the transformer is too large and generates too much heat.
It is now widely used for switching power supplies, and this silly transformer is estimated to be 4KG.
Sony would have used a silent fan with active cooling inside the machine, and would have seen only the large aluminum heat sink on the tube after unpacking.
Xiao Gui
Fandun Jeep Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing company specializing in R & D design, processing production, and marketing trade, mainly producing men's outdoor leisure clothing, is a young business that is booming.
FANDUN JEEP focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, the introduction of international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and the establishment of domestic first-class clothing production lines.
The pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public goods.
In the area of informatization, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of the company & apos; s product flow, logistics and information flow, so that the company & apos; s comprehensive management capabilities have been strengthened and improved, and the overall level of modern management has been improved.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of "integrity, harmony, quality and excellence," and its products are based on the domestic market, which is favored by the majority of customers.
Jeep dress, because you are young, so self-confident!
We wholeheartedly welcome customers at home and abroad to come and work together to create a brilliant future!
Enterprise spirit: aggressive, progressive, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, corporate mission: lead the trend, establish a brand.
No, it's not.
The battery is working.
I want to see what's in it.
It is important to remember that if you are willing to pay more than you are willing to pay, you will be able to pay more than you are willing to pay; if you are willing to pay more than you are willing to pay, you will be able to pay more than you can afford.
"Sony uses a good battery."
As for the details of the electricity, the general public will be disillusioned when looking at it.
I had worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time, and besides not knowing the circuit, I was half a battery engineer and could handle it.
Hope for the Future
I was really nervous before I bought it, until I opened the package and it felt right!
When I finally touched the earpiece, it felt so pliable and of such good quality that I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and turn on qq music.
I was amazed that the sound quality was 3D!
I asked in a physical store, about 30 or so, but it is not a winning brand, it is a mixed card, so it is said that the winning brand is 27, but the price is absolutely worth it!
The Worst Online Shopping Experience
After the order was placed on September 28, the system indicated that the shipment had been delivered, and it was not until October 12 that the order was received.
When the status of the Amazon order was checked, the seller did not provide the courier tracking number and could not locate the order.
An email was sent to the seller asking if the courier number could be provided, and no reply was received after two days.
After a few minutes, the phone rang again, and I was told that I had lost a piece of the courier, so I could send it back again.
Although I was very angry, I did not tell the seller much because the computer was in urgent need, just send it to me immediately.
As a result, the phone was called the next day and the shipment was delivered?
The seller said it was not ready until the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon, and the seller said it would send it, and it was delivered after 5: 00 p.m., and as a result, I called at 7: 00 p.m., and no one picked it up.
The next morning, I hit him again and asked if he had sent the goods.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said that he had not sent it, and told me that if I was in a hurry, I would order it from another house, and if I could wait, I would send it in the afternoon.
It takes a long time to find a new home.
You can only ask the seller to ship quickly.
Finally, after countless phone calls, I received my computer on October 16.
As for the quality of the computer, I do not know, because it was bought for someone else, let's add a comment later.
It's been a long time since I've been able to do this, and now I'm not sure if I can do it.
Because of the size of the table, it was not used many times after the purchase.
Just travel in a fashion bag with a few times.
It was found that when connected to the power supply, it was not charged, and it was necessary to hold a few chargers around the hand and the connection of the wires in order to recharge.
Suspicion is that the interface has poor contact, and it is not known if it can be repaired now.
Amazon is strongly advised to discontinue EMS!
Five stars, one logistics star, three average.
I don't understand why Amazon sends EMS, which is widely accepted in the industry. Well, computers are valuable, too!
After the purchase order showed that the number 20 was expected to arrive, so the family waited three days at home!
From Xiamen to Fuzhou, why four or five days?
In the morning of the 22nd, the logistics finally arrived in Fuzhou, ready to open the heart to receive the goods, as a result, in the evening did not receive any phone calls, SMS, a search of the logistics, should have been signed at noon, but also showed himself signed!
I was shocked!
Who am I? Where am I? Is this computer really what I bought?
Is Life So Good?
It took me a while to figure out what to do.
The reason for this is simply that the courier's two numbers are reversed, so it is better not to lose them.
I strongly advise Amazon not to use EMS anymore, and if Amazon ever sent an EMS courier, I would never buy it again.
The goods are good
First of all say a sentence just bought a few days to find a price reduction, bad evaluation, this is also good, cost-effective, cpu and graphics enough to cope with the mainstream Internet and quite a part of large single machine, very good heat dissipation, but the screen is a bit missing light (IPS screen common disease), the sound quality is not very good, hard disk is not good (I recommend that you spend some money to add a solid), yesterday went to the after-sales detection of the hardware, no problem, comes with win8.1 is not too good to use, it is recommended to upgrade to 10, the seller shipped quickly, the questions are answered, received the computer the next day invoice is good, but what gifts are not.
(By the way, do not buy a keyboard patch must not go to a treasure called E cool digital center of the store to buy, delivery slow quality, the product has a problem not to return, the boss is full of dirty words, special exposure)
Things are good, and the platform bureaucracy remains
Hard drives are of very good quality and cost effective, cheaper than those purchased in Hong Kong, and are highly recommended if they are not in a hurry and can tolerate logistics.
But it has to be said that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform remains the same as it was a few years ago, when I swore never to use it, you can never check the actual logistics, the information will always arrive a few weeks later, you can never complain, that's the bureaucracy!
It has been a few days since the goods were received, and the logistics information is still 10 days after you receive the goods!
Logistics is not worry
Not only is the packaging squashed, but the electrical packaging is also open, and it is not known whether there is a transfer.
FYI
It has not been tested, and has always relied on Philips, hoping for a longer battery life than other brands.
If checked online, it may be a common problem with water intake, and there is no warranty.
Depressive!
How long will the cling film last?
Buy it now
It is worth noting that there are more than 100 different types of machines, and that there are more than 100 different types of machines.
When I was a child, I used to take pictures of people, and when I was a child, I used to take pictures of people, and when I was a child, I used to take pictures of people, and when I was a child, I used to take pictures of people.
Whether it will work or not in the short term remains to be seen, as in the case of the previous assessment, what is sent out when it is out of stock is not reliable!
Experience the feeling of being at a higher level
There are many types of cleaning modes, but very few people change the brush every day.
It takes about six months to complete, and it takes less than a month to complete.
Brush head accessories are equally cheap to buy on Amazon.
The app is a little hard to use, but other than changing the colors, other seemingly compatible problems are the reasons for the overseas version?
I want to learn Dafa.
Very good value for money
It has been used 3-4 times.
1, the packaging is good.
2. Very simple to use and easy to clean.
You can cut your hair and save money.
Overall, it was a very successful purchase.
There are fakes
In the first two versions of the game, it is revealed that there are two different versions of the game, one of which is a white cat and the other is a green cat.
I am not sure if Amazon's source is fake or if the shipment was dropped by an employee.
I will buy it again, and if it is still fake, I will hold you accountable.
It's a horizontal bar!
Isn & apos; t it deceptive that Amazon & apos; s picture is slashed and the result is sent to me as a horizontal bar?
The effect is fine.
Cats love to eat, and that's the point.
It does work.
Tight, narrow, clenched feet, worn on the back.
Not recommended.
1. The United Nations is the most comfortable series of clarks, but unfortunately it is too bad.
For example, in the case of the previous series of shoes (the shoes were thrown with cushioning), the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is less than before, and the ventilation is less than before, which is false soft.
2. The back of my foot is not counted as high, and the part of my foot is about 3 cm forward at the top of the back.
3. Three pairs of clarks were purchased overseas, only one suitable.
I was in the middle of a conversation.
It is not possible to go back to Rockport without going to the ECCO store.
Shoddy, poorly controlled
First of all, it is worth noting that Prime's overseas purchase of Ups was very strong, and the single 6 under 31 received it.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the skin feels good.
The shoe is slightly larger, 7.5 W with a length of 25 feet and a width of 10.5 cm, and the upper foot is slightly looser, but it is usually worn looser, just like a pair of shoes.
Secondly, the shoe quality control is really not flattering, one shoe has a broken bottom glue, another shoe has various scratches and a needle eye, the top is misaligned with the sole glue, the shoe is clearly shoddy!
A Little Regret!
For the price of $280, it was a good deal for Arthur, but the reviews also offered a lower price.
Shoes: Shoes are light, comfortable to run on, fit well, and do not collapse.
The face value is high but the drawbacks are obvious: I usually wear 40 shoes, this time 40.5, about 1 thumb away from the front of the shoe, but this does not affect anything.
The shoe is "narrow," although there is still a distance in front, but it feels tight.
Also, the shoes may not be breathable and now feel hot on the feet.
Foot compression
First of all, the shoes work well and are worth the price.
My foot is very standard kind, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, Amazon's love step also bought a few pairs, never appeared, but this pair I refer to the comments, I bought a big number uk7, the foot is obviously long because it is a large length, but because the insole is too thick, or pressure on the back of the foot is severe, and the hiking shoes are very hard, resulting in the foot is very uncomfortable.
If your feet are not particularly slender, it is not recommended.
If you have to buy it, you can change the shoes, but the original shoes look good, but it is not a pity.
A perfect shopping trip!
Very satisfied, very like, Amazon overseas purchases are genuine, quality is also very good, inexpensive, buy assured, after-sales service is very thoughtful, customer service attitude is very friendly and kind, handling problems patiently efficient, perfect to solve worries, matching courier delivery is very convenient and safe, delivery master is very for the customer's consideration, every time will remind you to take the goods from the delivery cabinet in time, thank you Amazon to provide customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
All in all, our whole family loves shopping overseas in the Amazon!
Absolutely Bad!
There is a lot of talk about this agency and Amazon.
Later electronic products to buy on Amazon or still be careful.
Even though it was a long time ago, it still needs to be sputtered.
In the winter, less than 200 were bought and kept at home for several months.
When it was found that the bracelet could not be connected to the spring use, both device manuals supported each other, and it was later found that it was a heart rate band problem because other devices could not be connected.
Call Amazon and let me contact the agency, which asked me to send the device to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
Nearly half a month later, the items were returned in their original packaging, including the delivery box that I had used to send them!
No response, no acknowledgment of receipt and no test report!
Tell me, good or bad!
He calls and says that it is okay to send it back saying that the equipment is OK.
But I still couldn't connect, and the agency replied: That's not their business.
I'm sorry, but I don't want to lose you for a hundred dollars.
Severe damage.
It is not a very good board.
The headband material is very good.
Much better than nike.
It is also very breathable.
Just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Is it to be compared?!
The sun was out of sight.
Not returned because it works well as a headband.
It can be worn up, but not out of the sun.
It is different from other headbands.
Leave it to me.
The goods were of good quality, Amazon lacked a contractual spirit, and the couriers were good.
I want delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's regulations do not allow deliveries on Saturdays and Sundays.
Hate me, drive 200 kilometres from the field and come back to collect the goods!
Amazon, How Can I Love You Again?
The delivery man was very active and enthusiastic.
Give me a compliment!
The product is simple and easy to use.
But I have never bought anything like it before, and it is priceless!
Size Logistics
This time, Apex really... bought a lot of UA in the country, it's not cheap, it feels like it's higher than Nike Adidas?
It's all right, it's all right.
Size: I am 176CM tall, 68KG, my shoulders are wide Clothes are all 180, I bought M, the bottom is slightly long, others wear exactly, I see the recommended S size, do you like slender, or do you like tight?
Just the right size
With a bust of 99, a height of 184, and a weight of 84 kg, the customer service was told that they should buy the xxl before buying it, and after reading the comments decisively, L was found to be the right size after receiving the goods and was almost pitted.
The price of double 11 is much higher than the price of black 5.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
Z's Affordable Commodities Are Trouble!
"ç¬¬ 18 å›žæ—¥æœ¬ã‚µãƒã‚¤ãƒãƒ«ãƒˆãƒ¬ãƒ¼ãƒ‹ãƒ³ã‚°ã‚¹ãƒ†ãƒ¼ã‚·ãƒ§ãƒ³."
I bought a cheap Z, and the instructions said there were scratches, but after receiving the goods, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child did not want to return it, thinking that it was not a problem, but the small parts, such as accessories, were not available at several hardware stores in the vicinity of the grandparents of the child!
Grandpa finally sticks!
It seems that you can't buy cheap goods in the future!
Toy processing quality is poor
Most of the bolt holes are misaligned, the bolt is laborious, the quality of the machining is poor, and it is not known how long it can be played, because it is promised to the child, and it will not be returned.
Other comments say that the installation was painless, but is this the only problem with the one I bought?
Very general.
Is it my bad luck?
The packaging is old enough; the workmanship is average; the music is one and only eight seconds long and repeats itself; the action is moving forward without any change.
Not worth the price.
It is not necessary to return it immediately.
Toys of good quality, spit out the package
It was delivered yesterday, bought by Amazon, marked as EMS delivery, and finally delivered by Tmall's courier, how many turns has it turned?
In addition, the packaging is wrapped with plastic wrap several layers, inside there is not even a plastic bubble paper, open it, all the parts are placed in an empty box, the toy is good quality, there are no broken parts, it is too small than imagined, because it is not with batteries, the hand is often off track, feel the gap between the two sides of the track is too large, design is not reasonable.
Good quality, fun
It's fun, the components are very precise, the workmanship is fine, the quality is similar to Lego, and the price is very good when doing activities.
The process of assembling was fun, I came to fight, my five-year-old son came to play, it was good.
He would later go on to buy the toy.
The New Machine, The Sea Is Good
At the end of the season, the team had to pay $150 per game, which was much more expensive than the previous season.
The rooms are nice and new.
Inside Pikachu.
Then connect the spell ball words to send a dream.
It is better than the PS4, and is more portable.
I have bought Zelda, wait for the game, try again.
Production of rotten goods, sale of rotten goods, resulting in rotten goods service, purchase of six watches to send the child, one of the quick numbers is incomplete, the time of the six pieces is inconsistent, ranging from ten to ten hours.
They replied, "Yes, since there is, then why the time difference is so much, it must be a watch without accuracy, simply put, it is a parallel product, it is not what I said it is hard to hear, it looks, it is obvious quality problems (digital display is not complete) are brought out for sale, is not garbage.
I contacted the seller, who gave me a bunch of reasons, and complained that they should not have bought something, such a product, such a seller, such a after-sales service, who would dare to buy something on Amazon.
I don't want to buy anything from you, I want to buy something from you.
Amazon Shipping Problems
Upon receipt of the goods:
1, the table packaging is seriously worn.
2, the table instructions have serious use of wrinkles.
It is not possible to change the time of the lamp, and the table lamp is not used.
In the United States, it is common to send mail to the United States at the expense of the United States Postal Service.
5, 2 points is the reason customer service is good.
I can only say that.
The time is not very accurate, about one second per day, and it has taken more than two minutes in just a few months.
I used a piece of West Iron City before, and it felt like a couple of seconds less than a year.
The clock is very fast, but the clock is not always fast enough to keep the clock from ticking.
Solar Movement Watch
Advantages: Solar charging does not have to worry about battery replacement, world time, multiple alarms and whole point reminders.
Insufficient: The mirror is easily scratched and dusted.
Cost effective: The average domestic price is between 220-300, and overseas purchases are more than 180 (it takes about a week).
Very satisfied watch
It is the essential source of information and ideas that make sense of a world in constant transformation. {\ displaystyle {\ mathcal {transformation}} {\ mathcal {transformation}} {\ mathcal {transformation}} {\ mathcal {transformation}} {\ mathcal {transformation}} {\ mathcal {transformation}}}.
The table is accurate, within acceptable limits, with a certificate of authenticity in the case of the jewel, and the 12 letters of the dial are genuine diamonds, which are suitable for wearing and for giving as a gift.
The Bentley is indeed good.
The worst shopping experience ever
On the night of September 23, his wife's cell phone fell off, and he ordered an 8p from Amazon, which was in stock but not self-owned and did not have a price increase (secretly), because the delivery of the non-self-owned was slow, the system showed that the latest expected delivery was September 27.
The next day, at 6: 00 am, I was told that I was thinking about it, and when I saw that 256G was available for delivery the same day, I had to order another one.
Once the new purchase is made, the intention is to immediately cancel Amazon's order.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was not possible to pick up the delivery in the morning, and the customer service called at 7 o'clock to cancel the order, the customer response has been canceled Please wait for the SMS notice.
If the order is not delivered, the customer will be contacted immediately and asked to cancel the order, and the customer's response will be OK.
At 3: 00 p.m., when the phone looked at the order, there was no way but to contact the customer service again to make it clear that the call had been made for the third time, please cancel the order and inform the seller that it must not be shipped!
At my request, the customer service contacted the seller on the spot and told me that the seller was not familiar with the system and would wait until he was familiar with the system before cancelling the order.
However, I was told clearly that the seller already knew, so please rest assured that the goods will not be shipped.
When I looked at the order again on Monday, it showed that it had been delivered, and I was speechless.
Unable to contact the seller directly, they had to call the customer service again.
The rest of the process was very simple: I said one step, and then the customer went on to do it.
So far, the order has been rejected and is ready to be sent again!
Wouldn't Amazon follow suit?
It doesn't matter if the seller takes the money or not follow up.
In the end, the big money will never be paid in advance, which is too much trouble.
It looks beautiful.
It was a long time ago that I looked at this camera, but because there were other reasons besides the price, I did not buy it, this time because I made a package mail, so the price could also be bought.
I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of work to do, and I have a lot of work to do.
It is also noteworthy that I have seen comments on the Internet that the camera supports a minimum of 8G memory cards, and that smaller memory cards cannot be recognized, so I would like you to be aware of this.
The sound quality is poor, the machine has a certain amount of heat, and if it is always on, it feels a little uncomfortable.
As a result, there are still many things that need to be done, and it is important to be careful when buying.
It was the first time in my life that I had been in love with someone for three years, and it was the first time in my life that I had been in love with someone else.
This is the first time I've ever been in love with someone, and I don't know how long it will last, so I'm going to throw it away.
I've been with her for almost three years, so I left her last year, and now when I think of her, I want to leave this world, the first woman in my life, the shadow of my life and the pain of my heart, I have not been able to come out.
When you buy this phone, think about the two feelings at the time, or you can share the pain together, but now it is hard to look back, maybe life is like that, some people do not want to meet all their lives, some things do not want to know all their lives, but what is the way?
When I saw this phone, I thought of her in my mind, and that pain filled my whole body, and I never gave up using more than 2,000 dollars, but when I bought it for her, I did not hesitate to be good to a person again, but one day when she changed her mind, all the sworn mountains were gone.
Boutique in domestic brands
Huawei is the national product of excellence.
Low-key bosses and businesses rely on technology and quality to win customers, in stark contrast to today's business culture of advertising to raise awareness!
It is impossible, and dare not, for a firm without strength to do so!
That is why I chose Huawei.
It took more than six months to get it, and it always felt good.
The reason I didn't get the full score was that on one occasion, when I was using it for offline navigation, there was a misalignment, and I couldn't figure out the reason, all the other times it was good.
And its online input of the destination, after the search automatically design the route, after leaving the wifi, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical, it does not run traffic, it directly talks to the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, it is very good!
Sony Dafa
Sony's low-end machines still have a great sense of design, are inexpensive, have a large screen, have a good battery life, and are suitable for the elderly.
Although time has passed, the machine is still fine.
However, since the Z2 was released, the mobile phone was able to complete its mission.
