This document benefits from the provisions of GB/T 1.1-202 Guidelines for Standardization Work, Part I: Structure and Drafting Rules for Standardization Documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology "Chinese coded character set compared with GB 18030-2005, in addition to structural adjustment and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows:
The target audience for this document has been added (see Chapter 1),
The GB/I 13000 code positions for 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components have been changed in the double-byte encoding area, and in addition to 6 repeatedly encoded Chinese character components and 9 repeatedly encoded Chinese characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed in the four-byte encoding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
Deleted Appendix "Additional Chinese Characters and Headings/Parts" See Appendix 0 of the 2005 edition,
The level of realization has been increased " (see draft 9);
Added an informative appendix "General Standardized Chinese Character List; Code Location of Argumentative Characters" See Appendix Diao.
Please note that some of the content of this document may refer to patents. The publisher of this document does not assume responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is submitted by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
Previous versions of this document and the documents it replaces have been published as follows:
I - First published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000, first revised in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030-2022
Information Amplification Chinese Coded Character Set
1 This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of Chinese graphic characters and very binary encodings for information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other text graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products with information processing and exchange functions for Chinese and other text and graphic characters, including but not limited to input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing, proofreading, computer translation, speech synthesis, text transcription, Qiao Neng writing and other software products, as well as computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book reading Yi, learning machines and other portable products.
2 Exclusionary citations
The contents of the following documents constitute the essential provisions of this document through normative references in the text.
For dated references, only the version corresponding to that date applies to this document; for undated references, the latest factory version (including all change orders) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312-1980 "Chinese Coded Character Set for Information Interchange" basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 Information Processing "Eight-bit code structure and coding rules for information exchange
GB/work 13000 Information Technology Universal Multi-octet Coded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terminology and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 Character character
An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded characters
Characters (3.1) and their encodings.
3.3 User-defined private use area
An area that can be specified by the user of a product that complies with this document.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by the set of encoded characters (3.2).
3.5 Protected zone
Areas reserved for future provisions of this document.
GB 18030-2022
4 Vocabulary
4.1 Overview
The characters in this file are encoded in single-byte, double-word, or quad-byte encodings.
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters from 0x00 to 0x7F of GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Double-byte parts
The double-byte part contains all graphic characters from GB/T 2312-1980 and CJK unified Chinese characters from GB/T 13000, as well as some graphic characters.
Characters in the double-byte portion are as specified in Appendix A.
The graphics, code locations, and functions of the ideograph descriptors shall comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is the unified encoding of Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Enguo, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Characters with unique abstract glyphs are assigned a separate code position; characters with the same abstract glyph from different sources are assigned a common code position.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and South Korea.
4.4 Four-byte parts
The four-byte part contains 66 CJK Unified Chinese Characters (9FA6-9FEF, excluding 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB) in GB/T 13000 in addition to the above-mentioned double-byte characters, CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension A, CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension BCJK Unified Chinese Character Extension C, CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension DCJK Unified Chinese Character Extension .CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension F, and characters from ethnic minority scripts already encoded in GB/T 13000.
Characters in the four-byte section are as specified in Appendix C.
5 General structure
Hexadecimal is used for numbers preceded by 0x in the text, and decimal is used for numbers not preceded by 0x.
All codes in the appendix are represented in hexadecimal, and all other numbers are represented in decimal.
The single-byte part uses the GB/T 11383-1989 encoding structure, so that the 0x00~0x7F code points are used.
The two-character tribute part uses two eight-bit binary bit strings to represent a character, with the first byte code point from 0x81-0xFE and the last byte code points from 0x40-0x7E and 0x80-0xFE, respectively.
The four-byte part uses 0x30-0x39, which was not used in GB/WP 11383-1989, as a suffix to expand the two-byte encoding to 0x81308130-0xFE39FE39.
The first character of a four-byte character is encoded in the range 0x81-0xFE; the second character is encoded in the range 0x30-0x39; the third character is encoded in the range 0x81-0xFE; and the fourth character is encoded in the range 0x30-0x39. That is: 0x81308130-0x81308139; 0x81308230-0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30-0x8130FE39; 0x81318130-0x813139; Oo2douolag0c "0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30-0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code point range assignment are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
6 Order of characters
6.1 The order of some characters in a word brush
The characters in the monogram are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 The order of some characters in a two-character city
The order of the characters in the lower part of the double word shall be in accordance with Appendix A.
6.3 The order of some characters in the four-character brush
A total of 50,400 code points from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39 correspond to all characters of the GB/T 13000 Basic Multilingual Plane not included in the two-byte part, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of the GB/T13000 Basic Multilingual Plane.
A total of 1058400 code points from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the characters are arranged exactly in the order of the corresponding code points of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the four-byte partial characters shall be in accordance with Appendix C.
7 Code point allocation
1. Code point allocation in the single-word market segment
The code points of the single-byte portion are assigned according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The single-byte code point allocation is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code point allocation for double-word parts
The code point arrangement of the two-byte part is divided into two parts, 0x8140~-0xFE7E and 0x8180-0xFEFE, with a total of 23,940 code points.
The two-byte code point allocation is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23,940 code points
Double-byte region 1 : 846 code points
SS WA and RS Twinings Section 3 6080 yards
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 Double byte Area 5 : 192 code bits
3. Spatial structure of the partial coding of two-character vegetables
Table 2 Code Point Arrangements for Double Word Smell Sections
Human code point range
Code point assignment of the four-character brush part
The four-byte section contains Chinese characters and some minority languages.
The four-byte human code point allocation is shown in Table 3.
Four-byte human code point assignments not specified in Table 3 are shown in 6.3.
Table 3 Code Point Arrangement of the Four-Word Smell Section
Code point range
Table 3 Code point arrangement for four-byte segments (continued)
The number of code point characters in the code point range
A total of 25,200 code points from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined zones.
The other unoccupied four-byte code points are reserved for future file extensions.
8 Description of some of the characters and codes
The glyphs in some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document relative to GB 18030-2005 (see Appendix D).
9.1 General principles
This document specifies three levels of implementation.
System software products conforming to the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the scope of the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Implementation level 1
Implementation Level 1 documents the CJK Uniform Chinese Characters (i.e. 0x823558F33-0x82359636) and CJK Uniform Chinese Characters Extended A (i.e. 0x8139EE39-0x82358738) for the single-byte, double-season, and four-character subcoded parts of this document.
Any product to which this document applies should meet the requirements of Implementation Level 1.
Note: Depending on the needs of the software application, Implementation Level 1 can also select any one or more of the non-Chinese languages listed in Table 3.
9.3 Implementation level 2
Implementation level 2 contains implementation level 1.
In addition, implementation level 2 also documents the encoded Chinese characters in the General Specification Chinese Character Table } that are not encapsulated within real level 1.
The code positions and glyphs of the Chinese characters included in this document are shown in the appendix.
The system software and supporting software shall meet the requirements of implementation level 2.
Note: System software and support software include, but are not limited to, operating systems, database management systems, and middleware (for information on software product classification, see GB/Work 36475).
9.4 Implementation level 3
Implementation level 3 contains implementation level 2.
In addition, implementation level 3 also holds all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kanghei prefixes in Table 3.
Products used in government services and public services should meet the requirements of implementation level 3.
Note: Government services and co-service industries include, but are not limited to, railway transport, road transport, water transport, air transport, multimodal transport and transport agencies, postal services, monetary and financial services, insurance, land, management, health, state institutions, social security, etc. (For information on industry classification, see GB/Work 4754).
Appendix A (normative )
Two-word character list
A.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes for double-byte encoded characters, as well as the GB/T 13000 code position for the character.
A.2 Description of the table
An example is as follows:
First byte second byte low bit
Double-byte 3-zone
Second byte high GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (Prescriptive nature)
Ideographic descriptors
This appendix lists the 13 ideographic descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000 and gives their graphic, code location and functional description.
Details are shown in table B.1.
Table B.1 Graphical, code location, and functional descriptions of ideograph descriptors
The code point GB/T 13000 in this document has a similar but different functional description and is used to borrow a word to express a foreign word
Left and right structure
Upper and lower structure
Left-center-right structure
Upper, middle and lower structure
Full encirclement structure
Back to the lower enveloping structure
Back to the upper enveloping structure
Back to the right encircling structure
Back to the lower right enclosing structure
Back to the lower left enclosing structure
Back to the upper right enclosing structure
Rental package structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character book character list
C.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some minority scripts, as well as the GB/TI 13000 code for the character, but the position of the glyphs in other parts is omitted.
C.2 Description of the table
Appendix D (Informative)
A description of some of the characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030-2005 specifies the temporary code positions for 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000, which have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Adjusted code equivalencies < continued )
This document and GB 18030-2005 of GB 18030-2005 corresponding to this document corresponding to GB/T work 13000 code points
D.2 6 Chinese Character Components Deleted in the Double Character Sniff Area
Table D.2 Code Locations and Reserved Glyphs
D.3 9 CJK-compatible characters deleted in the lower double-character area
This document deletes the nine CJK characters from GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 Deleted 9 CJK Compatible Characters and Their Code Locations
Appendix Open (Informative) List of Common Normative Chinese Characters Code Location of Chinese Characters
This document contains all 8,105 standardized Chinese characters in the 4 General Standardized Chinese Character Lists approved and published by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and glyphs are shown in Table 1.
The order of the Chinese characters in the table is the same as the order of the standardized Chinese characters in the 4 General Standardized Chinese Character List . The Chinese characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-class Chinese characters, the Chinese characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-class Chinese characters, and the Chinese characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 are third-class Chinese characters.
Table E.1 Glyphs and code positions of Chinese characters in the General Normative Chinese Character List
GB/ Industry 4754 Industrial Classification of the National Economy
GB/Work 36475 Software Product Categories
State Council of the People's Republic of China (Guofa (2013) No. 23).
This man page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, EUro files and Info files are authoritative documents.
If you find a contradiction between the man page and the software, check the Info
If we find that the content of this man page causes obvious confusion and complaints because it is out of date, we will stop publishing it. There is no alternative to updating the man manual at the same time as updating the Info file, because the other work of maintaining Gnu cc does not leave us the time to do this. The GNU Project considers the man manual to be out of date and should use its time elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, consult the Info file `gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual, both from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
DESCRIPTION The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both process input files in one or more of four steps: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking).
The source file postname identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the postname controls the default setting:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c file, and sets a connection of the form c,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c++ file and sets the c++ connection.
The post-level name of the source file indicates the type of language and the subsequent operation:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
CXX C++ source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source code; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i preprocessed c file; compile, assemble
.ii Preprocessed C++ files; compilation, assembly
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Assembly language source programs; preprocessing, assembly
The .h preprocessor file; files that do not normally appear on the command line with other post-level names are passed to the Linker.
.0 Object file
.a Archive file
The connection is always the last step unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process).
During the connection phase, all .e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and unrecognized file names (including the specified .o H standard files and .a library files) are passed to the connector OPTIONS in the order in which they appear on the command line.
The options must be given separately: de ' is completely different from `-d -r '.
Most `-=E: and `-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Only formats that are not default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, with explanations in later sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Explicitly indicate that the language of the subsequent input file is language (rather than the default choice obtained from the filename).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option is encountered.
Turns off any explicit language specification, so the file RE AS E ` -x ' option after filename postprocessing.
If only some of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, concatenation) are operating, you can use the `-x' option (or Ah after the filename) to tell geo where to start and the `~-c', `-s', or `-E' option to tell geo where to end. Note that some combinations of options (e.g., `-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c compile or assemble source files, ETER. ERA ATI By default, GCC replaces source filenames with `.o' followed by `.ec'. You can use the -o option to choose a different name.
The object file.
Compilation is stopped, do not assemble parts.
Pipes are used instead of temporary files to work between different stages of the compilation process, because the assembler of those systems cannot read data from pipes. GNU's assembler does not have this problem, and the assembler can accept C "dialects": ANSI-compliant C programs are supported.
This disables some features of GNU Cc that are incompatible with ANSI Cc, as well as features such as unix and vax that indicate that the ANSI trigraph is rarely used, and disables the use of all standard libraries available in a hosted environment, where the main function returns an int value, typical of almost all programs except the kernel. The corresponding f£restanding environment does not have standard libraries, and the program entry point is not necessarily main, the most obvious example being the operating system kernel.
Function declarations with no arguments, such as `int foo ();', are handled C-style -- that is, without specifying the number or type of arguments. (C++ only).
Normally, such a function foo in C++ means that the argument is empty.
The list of sections is cut from here to try to support some aspects of the traditional C compiler.
See the NU c manual for details, we have removed the details, so that when the content is out of date, people will not HERI.
Except for one thing: For C++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has the added effect of allowing this to be assigned.
It has the same effect as the ` - Ethis - is - variable ' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
In particular, it mentions the preprocessor, but not the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers Allows the use of the `$' character in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the `-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly disallow the use of the `$' character.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not all.)
-fenum-int-equiv Allows implicit conversion of ant types to enumeration types (MEF c++).
Normally GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int and vice versa.
-fexternal--templates produces smaller code (C++ only) for template declarations by generating a copy of each template function only where they are defined.
To use this option successfully, you must mark '#pragma implementatio' or '#Pragma interface' in all files that use the template.
When a program is compiled with `-external-templates ' , the template instances are all external types.
You can do this with a typedef , which refers to each instance you want.
Correspondingly, if compiled with the default option `-fno-exteznal-templates', all template instances are explicitly set to built-in.
All member functions (except constructors and the mnew or delete member operators) are treated as virtual functions of their class.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will pass through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch Allows a mismatch between the types of the second and third arguments of a conditional expression.
The value of this expression is Void. -fthis--is-variable allows assignment to this (c++ only).
Merging user-defined free storage management mechanisms into C++ makes the assignable `this' obsolete.
Therefore, by default, an assignment to this inside a class member function is invalid.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this work with the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char Defines char as an unsigned type, as in unsigned char.
Each machine has its own default char type. It can be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz when relying on the symbolic nature of the data.
But many programs have been written to use only simple chars, which are signed numbers (or unsigned numbers, depending on the target machine on which the program is written).
This option, and its antonym, causes that program to work at the corresponding default values.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If the `signed' or `unsigned' modifiers are not explicitly declared, these options are used to define signed or unsigned bitfields.
By default, bitfields are signed, because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed numbers; however, if the `-traditional' option is specified, bitfields are always unsigned.
-fwritable - strings stores string constants in writable data segments, and does not treat them specially.
This is for compatibility with older programs where changing string constants is a very bad idea, and the `-traditional' option has the same effect.
The executive summary
Impact of Zika on the drug market
The impact could be similar to the 2008 economic crisis
The global pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed health services to the point of collapse, and restrictions imposed by Governments have caused serious disruptions in the global economy.
For the drug market, the impact of the outbreak is unclear and difficult to predict, but it is likely to be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to make drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers, unable to cross borders because of travel restrictions, may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and availability may change, and the ability of governments to respond may be hampered.
The transformation brought about by COVID-19 is unprecedented, but there are lessons to be learned from previous crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began looking for cheaper synthetic substances, and patterns of use shifted to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.
Interventions such as prevention of drug use and related risk behaviours and drug treatment services could be hit hard if governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way.
In addition, interdiction operations and international cooperation may be given lower priority, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
The direct impact on drug trafficking is expected to be greatest in countries where large quantities of drugs are smuggled on commercial flights.
Synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine are carried by couriers, sometimes in large quantities, in carry-on backpacks or concealed in personal luggage, and the use of commercial air travel for the supply of drugs may be completely disrupted as a result of restrictions on air passenger transport almost everywhere.
While the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, the use of the dark web and the mailing of goods for trafficking is likely to increase.
In the long run, the recession and related closures could disrupt the drug market.
As a result of rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, develop drug use disorders and turn to illicit drug-related activities, whether production or transportation.
Drug-trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable populations and recruit new members to strengthen their ranks.
As governments become less able to respond, these shifts could quickly take root and become the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
Population growth patterns partly explain the expansion of the market
Drug abuse has been increasing around the world, both in terms of overall numbers and in terms of the proportion of drug users in the world population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, or 4.8 per cent of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018 there were an estimated 269 million drug users, or 5.3 per cent of this population.
Over the past two decades, drug use in developing countries has grown much faster than in developed countries.
This partly reflects the difference in overall population growth during the period, which was 7 per cent in developed countries and 28 per cent in developing countries, but also reflects the faster growth of the younger population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults make up the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population of this age group increased by 16 per cent in developing countries, while it decreased by 10 per cent in developed countries.
1 Urbanization as a driver of the current and future drug market
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is higher in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the large-scale movement of people from rural to urban areas. More than half of the world ' s population now lives in urban areas, compared with 34 per cent in 1960.
Urbanization is likely to be a key factor in the future dynamics of drug markets, particularly in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
Increased wealth is associated with increased drug use, but it is the poorest who bear the greatest burden of disease. Worldwide, drug use is more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are more strongly associated with the wealthier parts of the world.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthier segments of society.
However, it is the lower socio-economic groups that have a higher rate of conversion to drug abuse.
Data from a small number of countries suggest a link between harmful drug use patterns and conditions and low income.
These patterns seem to be less common in wealthier social strata.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks for the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labour market, such as rising unemployment, have in the past been associated with increased drug use, and the pandemic has forced tens of millions of people out of work globally.
A pandemic may lead to a further expansion of the drug market, which may result in more farmers increasing or engaging in illicit crop cultivation, either because of the reduced control capacity of national authorities or because more people may have to resort to illegal activities in the face of the economic crisis.
Trafficking by sea may have increased as a result of the reduction in air and land traffic as a result of COVID-19-related restrictions, as the risk of interception at sea is low and the volume of smuggling is greater than by air or land.
There have been recent reports of cocaine shipments directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but potentially harmful new opioids are proliferating and the drug market is becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control, and the non-medical use of drugs is also increasing rapidly.
There are about 500 new active substances on the domestic market of the Member States every year.
Currently most of these are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small number of opioids.
While the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Opioid new psychoactive substances accounted for only 2 per cent of the total number of new psychoactive substance types identified in 2014, but by 2018 that figure had risen to 9 per cent.
Many of the new opioid psychoactive substances are analogues of fentanyl, whose efficacy and harm have been shown to cause overdose deaths in North America and, to a lesser extent, in other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used either as an adulterant for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, or to manufacture counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is some evidence that stimulant injections of new psychoactive substances are also taking place in Europe: a study of the residues of discarded syringes in six European cities found that many were contaminated with stimulant-producing new psychoactive substances.
The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become entrenched in vulnerable populations
A single type of new psychoactive substance almost never forms a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported on the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, most of which identified synthetic cannabinoids as a major challenge.
Control of precursor chemicals forces drug makers to innovate Many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and producers have been looking for alternatives not only to less regulated substances, but also to chemicals specifically designed to circumvent controls, so-called "tailored precursors".
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of Zika are likely to further squeeze producers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this is already the case: in March 2020, a reported shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia prompted methamphetamine prices to rise in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing rapidly
Synthetic drugs replace opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiate market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The volume of opiates intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation has decreased by about 80 per cent, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has decreased significantly.
But the market for stimulants seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including mephedrone and a-pyrrolidone, are now widely available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities have reported a sharp rise in the number of clandestine laboratories manufacturing various illicit drugs recently seized, more than doubling in two years to 152 laboratories in 2018.
Methamphetamine market growth in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystalline methamphetamine has become a major drug of concern in addition to fentanyl and tramadol.
A 2015 study further corroborated these findings, with users saying cannabis was harder to obtain than fentanyl or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities discovered a number of methamphetamine laboratories, and the Board has expressed concern about the large-scale importation of pseudoephedrine preparations, which are used as precursors by one methamphetamine laboratory.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing appears to have started in 2014.
Since then, methamphetamine seizures have risen steadily.
But seizures in the first half of 2019 amounted to 1^657 kilograms - a sharp increase compared to the previous year.
Large seizures of methamphetamine believed to have originated in Afghanistan in other countries also indicate that production in that country is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of cannabis have seen an increase in cannabis use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized the non-medical use of cannabis.
In Colorado and Washington, two of the first states to pass legislation in the United States, non-medical use of cannabis by adults has increased, particularly in the past month and on a daily or near-daily basis, exceeding the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that cannabis use in Uruguay has increased since 2011, with use almost doubling in the last month.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also suggest that the expansion of the legal market from 2018 to 2019 has been accompanied by an increase in usage.
However, 40 per cent of cannabis users in 2019 still relied on illicit sources to obtain some of their products.
Is the legalization of cannabis behind the collapse in global cannabis herb seizures?
Global seizures of cannabis herb fell to their lowest level in 20 years in 2018, driven by a decline in seizures in North America, which have fallen by 84 per cent over the past decade.
In contrast, seizures in the rest of the world nearly doubled over the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing the cannabis market played a key role in the decline.
Regulation of new psychoactive substances appears to have a deterrent effect The effectiveness of domestic regulation of new psychoactive substances remains difficult to assess.
Some countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of new psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, the adoption of domestic legislation has led to a decrease in the use of new psychoactive substances.
Vulnerable groups face harm from licit and illicit drug markets Medicinal opioids for pain management and palliative care are mainly available in high-income countries and are unevenly distributed across regions.
In 2018, more than 90 per cent of all pharmaceutical opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50 per cent are in North America, 40 per cent in Europe and 2 per cent in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12 per cent of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88 per cent of the global population but consume less than 10 per cent of pharmaceutical opioids.
Barriers to access to pharmaceutical opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing drug use disorders About 35.6 million people had a drug use disorder in 2018.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug use disorders and exacerbate their consequences, as evidenced by studies in high-income countries in which individuals ' adverse socio-economic trajectories, not just their status at a given point in time, are associated with the risk of drug use disorders.
Drug use disorders can also contribute to a vicious cycle of disadvantage by deepening socio-economic disadvantage and further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness. These outcomes may also be related to stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and migrants, groups with diverse sexual orientations, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and people in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug use disorders or have problems accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of years of healthy life lost due to disability and premature death, the broader social impact of harmful drug use has increased over the past decade.
Between 2007 and 2018, the global number of disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17 per cent.
The increase in disability-adjusted life years associated with liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, was particularly high - 40 per cent.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex and it is difficult to establish all causal relationships between psychoactive substance use and violence.
Limited data on a global scale suggest that intoxication may be a significant factor in homicide.
But alcohol appears to play a bigger role than drugs in violent incidents.
While drug use may lead to criminality, in some cases the link can be attributed in part to multiple mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment and peer influence.
The links between drug trafficking and violence are manifold.
Large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, can be carried out without violence if stable criminal structures are in place.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depend less on the volume of trafficking than on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illicit market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
The latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most harmful
An estimated 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most used drug in the world.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
But the harms associated with opioids go unnoticed because of the small number of users.
Such substances were responsible for 66 per cent of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017, and 50 per cent of the 21 million years of life believed to have been lost to disability or premature death due to drug use.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West, Central and North Africa, it is tramadol that is exacerbating the opioid crisis; in North America, it is fentanyl. The two regions have little in common in terms of economics, demographics or general patterns of drug use, but both are struggling to combat an opioid crisis fuelled by substances that are easily available and cheap to produce.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths over the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Similar results were reported in Canada, although the numbers were lower.
Part of the reason fentanyl causes overdose deaths is the unpredictable potency of fentanyl on the illicit drug market.
The market for tramadol for non-medical use has grown significantly in West, Central and North Africa.
An increasing number of patients with tramadol use disorders are receiving treatment in the region.
Global seizures of tramadol increased significantly in 2017, peaking at more than 125 tons.
But in 2018, global seizures fell to 32 tons after India passed a new law regulating tramadol.
Contributing to the crisis in both places is the simplicity and low cost of manufacture, as well as the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogues or their precursors.
Compounding the crisis in both places is the fact that these substances are available on both the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
Increasing use of stimulants
The area of stimulants is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their main markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine is popular in North America and Western Europe.
About 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most used amphetamine-type stimulant in South-East Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting for each other, with the use of one drug rising while the use of the other falls, sometimes increasing and decreasing simultaneously to meet demand in the same market.
Drug use increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that about 11.3 million people inject drugs in 2018 and that about 10 per cent of global HIV infections are caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million people who inject drugs are living with HIV and 5.5 million with hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug use, half of them from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and hepatitis C among injecting drug users remains largely untreated.
5 Opioid shortages caused by restrictions may lead users to substitute more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injecting or inject more frequently, more harmful patterns of use may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphones
Instructions for use
The product introduction
Please read this instruction carefully before using the product and keep it properly.
Headphones themselves with a medium-sized ear sail, such as a feeling of discomfort too to the bottom text two melt small although out of the machine.
01 Wearing headphones
Slant the ear tent down gently into the ear canal, to gently swing the head of the earphones do not move for home.
When you're on a call, turn the headset microphone toward your mouth to make the call clearer.
Please pay attention to adjust the headset to expose the microphone when the person changes the call
Charging boot before use, please first tear off the left and right earphones to charge each point of the network, the charging case and earphones fully charged.
Plug in the charging cable to charge the headset and the charging case at the same time.
Charging box is not fully charged charging indicator light red light long bright, fully charged charging: 3 indicator light off.
Headset charging, the headset indicator red light long bright, the headset is fully charged, and its machine indicator white light long bright 1 minute after extinguishing.
02 charging and booting
The headset is in the charging case, take out the headset from the charging case automatically boot.
When the headset is not in the charging case and is turned off, press and hold the multifunction key for about 1 second (the white light stays on for 1 second).
Press and hold for about 1 second
White light stays on for 1 second
Shutdown
Put it in the charging case and the headset automatically shuts down.
Power on, press and hold the multifunction key for about 5 seconds (red light for 2 seconds)
One long press for about 5 seconds
People red light long bright 2 machine
03 Getting started
Automatic connection: Bureau to move two headphones from the charging box outside ten.
Two Goshu automatically open the level and the white light comes on.
Then red and white lights magnificent six. Left and right capsules such as self-over series.
Wait for the left/right headset white light to flash. Open the device toothless search "RedmIArDots2 " and click on the end.
After the first connection, the Capsule can automatically connect back to the last paired device (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).
Watch out for:
If the connection fails, put the headset back in the charging case. Repeat.
Press and hold for about 1 second to boot
Headset indicator
Single ear / binaural free switching; two headphones are connected after a successful connection; put either earphone back into the charging case to shut down, the other earphone into monaural mode, and then remove it to automatically restore binaural mode.
Manual connection: When the earphones are turned off, the two earphones are turned on manually. The white light comes on, then the red and white light flashes, the left and right earphones are automatically connected in series, the left / right earphones white light flashes slowly, turn on the device Bluetooth search connection.
Headset reset
If the headset does not connect properly, please refer to the following way to reset
Headset: Take the headset out of the charging case, in the shutdown state, press the two headset multifunction keys for 15 seconds, until the red and white lights flash alternately 3 times, release and put back into the charging case (clear the headset and mobile phone connection record).
04 specification of the product accessories, user interface and other illustrations are schematic, for reference only due to product updates and upgrades, the actual product and schematic may be slightly different, please prevail in kind.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Millet Ecological Chain Enterprise)
Address: No.60 Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing, China
Congestion Telephone: 400-100-5678
For more information about this strict exercise, please refer to the sales network: www micom
Roasted Book Sings: V10reae
The functional points
The following functions can be operated on both the left and right earphones, tap on an incoming call, answer the phone; call or outgoing call, hang up the phone music, play / pause audio, long press about 1 second to release
When a call comes in, refuse to listen to the call, switch to the headset / mobile phone to listen to Jane double-click
During a call, on/off Silent mode
When in standby, turn on the voice assistant (requires your device to support voice and turn on the quick wake setting)
Answer the second call and switch the call
When you have a new call on your phone, click the multifunction key to hold the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multifunction key to switch between the two calls.
The basic parameters
Product name :Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphones
Product Model : TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headset
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single headset)
Input parameters: 5V II 100mA
Net weight per ear: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free space environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0
Charging time: About 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time : Approx. 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time : about 150 hours
05 Precautions
The warning
1 Do not disassemble, repair or modify the headset for any reason, otherwise it may cause fire or even complete damage to the product;
2 Do not put the device in the temperature is too low or too high environment;
3 When using the device indicator, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorm weather, thunderstorms can cause the device to work abnormally, and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
6 Do not bring this product into contact with liquids.
Pay attention to
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 must choose the regular manufacturers of the national CCC certification of the charger
3 long-term continuous use of headphones can damage hearing, please reasonably control the use of time and volume;
4 The use of headphones can reduce the perception of external sound, please do not use headphones in an environment that may threaten safety.
Charging box basic parameters
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5-500mA
Output parameters: 5V-150mA
Charging time: About 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Description
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphones Strict After-sales Service
According to the "Consumer Rights and Interests Protection Law of the People's Republic of China" and "Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China" to implement after-sales three-pack service, the service content is as follows:
I. Warranty Policy
1 within 7 days from the day after you sign for it, this product appears "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table" listed performance faults, determined by millet after-sales service center testing, you can enjoy free return or exchange service;
2 From the day after you sign for 8 days to 15 days, this product appears "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E fault table" listed performance faults, through millet after-sales service center testing confirmed, can
3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign, this product appears "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table" listed performance faults, determined by millet after-sales service center testing, can enjoy free repair service.
A Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table
Name performance failure
1 No sound can be heard during use.
"2 During the call, the other party can't hear the sound.
Unable to charge.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized repair, misuse, collision, simple, small use, liquid, accident, alteration, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tear, alter the label, anti-counterfeiting mark;
2 has exceeded the validity period of three packs;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Non-compliance with the performance faults listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table
5 Due to human causes, this product and its accessories produce the performance faults listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table.
Name and content of hazardous substances in products
Hazardous Substances This table is based on the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogenous materials of the component is below the limits specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit to debate refugee policy, EU officials: Reception process step by step bottleneck - China News
EU summit wrangles over refugee policy, EU official: Bottlenecks at every step of reception process
[Global Times Special Correspondent in Belgium Niu Ruifei] According to Agence France-Presse reported on February 10, at the latest EU summit on the same day, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration as a way to make it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
The EU's move is reportedly a response to growing concerns about illegal immigration in Europe, which now centers on the small number of illegal immigrants who can eventually be sent back.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilise significant EU funding" to strengthen external borders with infrastructure and surveillance, among other things.
However, the EU is at loggerheads with member states over issues such as payment for the fence.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly said EU funds will not cover the costs.
But diplomats from some member states say that if the EU could share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along its external borders, it would free up national budgets to speed up the construction process.
According to Euractiv, EU officials have admitted that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process, that limited reception capacity and overstretched migration authorities in member states are unable to prevent refugees from submitting "numerous" asylum applications in EU countries, and that the EU's refugee reception system is in a near-permanent crisis.
The European Commission estimates that the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, nearly half more than the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can deport illegal migrants on the basis of a court decision in another member state.
In addition, EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the safe state concept," which could open the way for the EU to develop a common list, the report said.
(Source: Global Times Author: Niu Ruifei)
U.S. escalates "chip war" to hit global semiconductor industry - chinanews.com
Recently, the U.S. "chip war" against China has escalated significantly - first, the Netherlands and Japan agreed to start controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China under U.S. pressure; later, foreign media reported that the U.S. government is considering cutting off all ties between U.S. suppliers and Huawei and banning U.S. suppliers from supplying Huawei with any products; the Biden administration is also preparing to issue an executive order restricting U.S. investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries...
In recent years, the United States to crack down on China's "core" development has never stopped, while precisely suppressing the semiconductor production and supply chain to China, while building a "de-Sinicization" of the semiconductor industry chain alliance, in an attempt to completely "leave behind" China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is wooing South Korea to establish a "technology alliance", or with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan to establish a chip "quadrilateral alliance", or through the United States, Japan, India and Australia "quadrilateral mechanism", "Indo-Pacific economic framework" and other mechanisms to establish a "small circle" of semiconductor industry chain, the United States through the introduction of politicized, camp, weaponized means into the semiconductor industry, in an attempt to build a closed production and supply chain cycle led by the United States, so as to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing, to maintain its dominant position in the global chip industry.
However, the United States' much-vaunted "core tactics" against China are also "a thousand self-inflicted wounds to the enemy and 800 self-inflicted wounds."
Recently, Panlin Group, a well-known U.S. supplier of chip manufacturing equipment, announced that it would lay off 1,300 full-time employees and 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters as a result of the latest round of export bans on chip manufacturing equipment to China.
Global lithography giant Asmar Holdings of the Netherlands recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to higher semiconductor prices.
U.S. media analysis, after the U.S. government's arbitrary crackdown on China's chip and semiconductor industries, many U.S. companies have suffered, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, chip manufacturers themselves, etc.
The so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry by the United States has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has long formed a closely linked global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professional estimates, based on the specialization of the division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products need to cross national borders more than 70 times, the whole process reached 100 days.
Although the U.S. semiconductor industry has a strong base, it is weak in manufacturing capacity, especially advanced processes, and is heavily dependent on East Asia.
Even if the United States tries to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the United States-led "small circle" regional development, but the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor-related industry is difficult to change.
The United States strongly "reshape" the "de-Sinicization" of the semiconductor industry chain, hit the global semiconductor industry.
Chip is the core of the global future industry, the development of the chip industry is inseparable from the participation of all countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively introduced the Innovation and Competition Act, the American Competition Act of 2022, and the Chip and Science Act, taking advantage of scientific and technological hegemony to consolidate China's technological leadership; "encouraging" allies, inducing Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other chip manufacturers to set up factories in the United States, in an effort to ensure the United States' global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created problems and reaped real benefits for China's chip industry and related industries.
But in the long run, the U.S. hysterical crackdown, forcing China's chip industry to continue to break through, let themselves lose the huge Chinese market, will eventually greatly weaken the innovation will and innovation ability of U.S. technology enterprises, damage the development of the global chip industry.
Gao Qiao
The first batch of personal pension financial products on sale can be held for a minimum of 360 days-CNN
The first personal pension financial products go on sale
Home organization of 7 products to choose from Minimum can only be held for 360 days
Personal pension financial products are finally online.
On February 10, China Financial Management released the first batch of personal pension financial management products list, ICBC Financial Management, Agricultural Bank Financial Management and China Post Financial Management seven personal pension financial management products officially sold.
So far, the "shelf" of personal pension accounts has finally gathered four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension financial management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public offering funds.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension financial products, all for public equity open-ended products, including 5 new products, 2 survival products, in addition to 1 product for mixed products, the remaining 6 products are fixed income products.
Beijing Youth Daily reporter saw that four of the five new products from ICBC Financial Management, all fixed income products, the minimum holding period is 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, the corresponding performance comparison benchmarks (annualized) are 3.70%-4.20%, 4.10%-4.60%, 4.40%-4.90%, 5.25%-5.75%.
The remaining new product is "Postbank Wealth Tim Yi Hongjin shortest holding 1095 days No. 1", is also a fixed income product, February 10 began to raise, February 19 ended to raise, risk level II.
Among the two surviving products, one is the Agricultural Bank of China financial management "Agricultural Bank of China concentric and dynamic" 360-day scientific and technological innovation RMB financial management products, the investment nature is mixed class, the risk level is three.
Another surviving product is "Postbank Wealth Tim Yi Hongjin Minimum Hold 365 Days No. 1", a fixed income type, which began to be raised on December 30 last year, officially operated on January 4 this year, and had a cumulative net worth of 1.0011 on February 8.
According to the Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Pensions, the financial products in which funds from individual pension fund accounts can be invested include banking, savings deposits, commercial endowment insurance, and public offering funds.
The first batch of personal pension financial products were released, marking that personal pension investors can officially purchase financial products through personal pension fund accounts.
Last November, the CBRC formulated the Interim Measures for the Administration of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies.
The Measures stipulate that participants may purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension financial management products, personal pension insurance products and personal pension public offering fund products through personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Rights and Social Affairs, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice clarifying that the personal pension system will be implemented in 36 pioneer cities and regions, including Beijing and Tianjin, as well as Shijiazhuang and Xiong'an New Districts in Hebei Province and Jincheng City in Shanxi Province.
By the end of 2022, there were 19.5 million participants in personal pensions and 6.13 million contributors, with a total contribution amount of 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension public offering funds.
Now that personal pension financial products have come together, how should investors choose?
Experts from the R&D Department of Financial Products of the Bank of Communications said that compared with other personal pension products, the pension financial products and personal pension financial products in the pilot phase have three characteristics.
First, the robustness, risk management mechanism is more sound, investment strategy and philosophy is more robust, and the implementation of non-parent third-party independent custody.
Second, long-term, the duration of pension financial products in the pilot phase are 5 years or more, the next issue of personal pension financial products, the minimum holding period is in principle 1 year, encourage holding more than 3 years.
Third, inclusiveness, product purchase threshold is low, the starting point is generally 1 yuan, some as low as 0.01 yuan, product hosting fees, management fees and other rates are more favorable.
Professionals point out that investors should choose according to product characteristics and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have a long term, high interest rate, high security characteristics, suitable for people with weak risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection, more suitable for people who can not bear investment risk, can accept stable income; while personal pension financial products and public fund products do not protect the capital or income, there is a certain investment risk, but the expected income is higher, suitable for people with a certain financial knowledge, high risk-bearing ability.
Wen / Our reporter Cheng Jie Co-ordinator / Chi Haibo
Fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of confidence-CNN
Another big gym "storm"?
Recently, the issue of the protection of the rights of members of well-known fitness institutions has aroused social concern.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally. Subsequently, rumors about the collapse of the organization caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of the public security and human rights departments.
Finally, the relevant person-in-charge of the institution responded, promising to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm was calmed.
Some stores of individual fitness institutions experienced operational problems and were temporarily closed. Consumers could have been calm and waited for the problem to be resolved. Why was the first reaction of many members "something bad"?
Behind the uproar over the rights of health club members is the deep-seated problem of the crisis of confidence in the industry.
Domestic traditional gyms generally adopt the prepaid model, "earning money that users do not come" is the underlying logic of its development.
Through the pre-sale of membership cards to obtain cash flow, constantly open new stores, it seems to be able to cycle, in fact, eat grain, can not form a stable profit model.
Gym running and other industries negative information frequently out, causing a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the perspective of the market, the gym is certainly a good business with a "money path" .
The fitness circuit has had its ups and downs, but it has always attracted capital attention.
A number of data show that cultural and sports consumption and other areas of rising heat, the market continues to pick up.
Specifically to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards, the concept of healthy life deeply rooted in people's hearts, the development of the fitness industry is promising.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, individual institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, just out of the crisis, and sounded the clarion call to expand the territory, the financing funds into the construction of new stores.
Undeniably, affected by the epidemic in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn, the industry has been reshuffled, the strength of enterprises at this time selectively increase acquisition efforts, rearrangement, is not a new opportunity.
However, if the development of the fitness market wants to enter a virtuous circle, step up the road of stability, the industry must change the traditional model, change the business strategy.
Only steady, re-establish consumer trust, security, in order to truly win the market, win the future.
Compared with the construction of new stores to seize the market, the fitness industry currently needs more is to settle down to optimize services, with high-quality development to stabilize users.
First, it depends on the service to retain users.
Gym belongs to the service industry, its essence is to adhere to the "user-oriented", to closely around the needs of users, the business focus on service quality upgrading.
Second, digital transformation is needed to improve the user experience.
For example, the current popular Internet gym model, to achieve user pay-per-view and venue selection.
At the same time, body data and motion data can be effectively used to meet social needs and achieve a complete closed loop of services from online to offline.
No personal trainer sales, no huge annual card, the user's concern about the "runway" of fitness institutions is reduced, and the sense of trust is enhanced.
In addition, we should actively explore multiple forms of business.
Today, sports consumption has moved from a single service to scene consumption, health clubs are expected to become a new entrance to consumption, around the fitness needs of sports supplies and fitness equipment and other peripheral products or will become a new profit point, to provide consumers with richer choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy expensive refund the difference!
Nanjing property market reappears "price difference compensation" - China News
Yangtze Evening News (reporter Ma Zuobo) Yangtze Evening News / Ziniu News reporter found in an interview on the 10th that the "insurance agreement" not seen in more than a decade has returned to the Nanjing property market, located in Jiangbei New District, a real estate declared "price difference compensation", before the delivery of other housing offers greater than the previous discount, the developer is willing to exchange for the buyer and refund the price difference.
"Insurance Agreement" conditions can be a lot
The property in Jiangbei New District is called Poly Yangtze Yuntai, and Mr. Sun, the housekeeper, told reporters that he found a "statement" when he visited the property last weekend.
The picture he sent to the reporter shows that the developer of the property promised that those who purchased the property between February 1 and February 28, from the date of signing the sales contract between the two sides to the delivery of the corresponding property, if the preferential discount of other properties in the project is greater than the discount enjoyed by the previous purchase (limited to other unsold commercial properties belonging to the same household type, the same building, the same unit, the same property type), the developer can exchange the property for the buyer and refund the difference.
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually a "premium agreement", the purpose is to let the buyer at ease, do not worry about the development of enterprises to reduce the price of the promotion, "now I am afraid to buy it after the price reduction, go to the sales office to make a fuss about it no time, do not make a fuss about it is really comfortable. "
There are many buyers believe that the "insurance agreement" although it is to give buyers a "pill of peace" , but the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a just-needed house in Jiangbei, said that the first thing to insure the price of housing is the same household type, but also in the same building, the same unit, buyers can compare the price of few housing, so the "threshold" is still quite high.
There are also home buyers believe that due to information asymmetry, sales do not rule out giving additional concessions, buyers "rights" difficult.
Whether it can retain buyers remains to be seen
Reporters in Nanjing online real estate inquiries learned that the real estate in November last year, the leader of the two buildings a total of 252 apartments source of sales, household area of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., the average price of full renovation sales is 39,843 yuan / m2.
However, more than two months later, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the building is 157, accounting for 62.3%, including a total of 128 units in Building 8, the number of unsold units reached 113, 44 of the 124 units in Building 7 are also unsold, the total number of completed units in the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.
Market sources said that the "premium agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, Hengtang West Court, a real estate development on Huangshan Road in Hexi, launched the "Insurance Plan" in order to attract the attention of buyers, with the specific content of "the company solemnly promises that if the preferential range of the project expands within a year, the resulting difference, the company will refund the difference to the old owners".
Since then, in April 2011, Nanjing also has nine real estate out of part of the housing stock promised to "pay the difference".
"The property market is picking up, at this time more need a shot of 'strengthener'.
Mr. Shen, a senior trader in Nanjing's real estate industry, said that "insurance agreements" are also one of the marketing methods of housing companies.
He believes that today's developers need more confidence than buyers, the introduction of "insurance agreements" is actually to encourage them.
As for whether buyers can be retained, he said it depends on the impact of regulatory policies, loan thresholds and other factors, for now remains to be seen.
Taiwan's economy started the year poorly - ECNS
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yang) Export trade volume "even five black", manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) contracted for seven consecutive months, consumer price index (CPI) also saw "three prefixes" ... Recently, Taiwan authorities have released economic data for January 2023.
Expert analysis believes that Taiwan's economy began the year with poor performance, growth pressure is not small.
Taiwan's exports fell 21.2 percent to $31.51 billion in January, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth, according to the Taiwan authorities' financial affairs department.
Exports of 11 major export categories declined compared with the same period last year.
Plastics and rubber products and optical equipment fell the most, by 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits fell 18.3% year-on-year, the biggest decline in 14 years.
Cai Mena, director of the department's statistics department, said that this shows the spread of weak demand in the consumer electronics industry, the electronics industry has entered a period of correction.
Statistics show that Taiwan's imports and exports fell in January, with an excess of only $2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities believes that the decline in global terminal demand, industrial adjustment of inventories to curb the willingness of manufacturers to buy materials, export decline is unlikely to improve in the short term, Taiwan's export recession in the first quarter of this year is likely to be higher than expected.
Taiwan's manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) stood at a seasonally adjusted 40.4 per cent in January, down 3.3 percentage points from December and tightening for the seventh consecutive month, according to Taiwan's China Economic Research Institute.
In the system of economic monitoring indicators, the PMI takes 50% as the boom-bust line, and an index greater than 50% represents economic expansion, while the opposite is contraction.
Among the five components of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders, production and labor hiring contracted, supplier delivery times fell, and inventories tightened.
All six major industries reported a contraction in the PMI, with the power and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), the electronics and optics industry (35.2%), the chemical and biomedical industry (39.2%), the basic raw materials industry (42.4%), the transportation industry (42.6%) and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
On the price front, Taiwan's Comptroller General's Office announced that Taiwan's CPI increased at an annual rate of 3.04 percent in January this year, breaking through 3 percent again since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared 28.25 per cent to a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, a special member of Taiwan's Comptroller General Office, said frankly that the increase in vegetable prices did exceed expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71 percent in December last year.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, experts expressed pessimism based on media reports from the island such as Yonhap News and Yahoo Finance.
Wu Daren, a professor at the Department of Economics of Central University in Taiwan, analyzed that the export recession may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturers and increase the risk of debt default.
At the same time, the decline in orders led manufacturers to cut labor costs, affecting the labor market and the household economy, which in turn affected consumption capacity.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and the United States is unresolved this year, demand continues to shrink, and predicts that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, the full-year economic growth performance will be weaker than last year due to the impact of the export downturn.
"An important engine of global recovery" - China News Service
“In response to the shock, the Chinese economy has shown great resilience.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Julio Rios, a well-known Spanish expert on China and honorary adviser to China Policy Watch, said in an interview with this reporter that China's epidemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
Rios said that in the face of the impact of various factors beyond expectations, China has responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
At the same time as China unswervingly expands its opening-up to the outside world, the endogenous driving force of economic development is constantly increasing, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing in concert.
Every year, the two sessions of the National People's Congress of China are held to discuss national development plans and hot-spot issues of people's livelihood, so as to gather broad consensus, people's hearts and wisdom, and add strength to China's development.
"Since the reform and opening-up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and to China's development bringing new opportunities to the world.
Rios said China is now making every effort to promote scientific and technological innovation to inject new impetus into economic and social development, "capital investment, talent training, policy incentives, which allow China to continue to be dynamic in the new five-year plan."
In Rios' view, reforming the economic system is a difficult task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has taken proactive measures to stabilize its economy by giving full play to the advantages of both the market economy and the socialist system.
Focusing on the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, increasing financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of the private sector, small and medium-sized enterprises and the manufacturing industry, adhering to innovative development, promoting employment, raising the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meeting the people's multi-level and diversified consumption needs...China's complete, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development concept, efforts to promote high-quality development and build a new development pattern will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
"Stabilizing and recovering the economy after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine of global recovery.
Rios said he expects the Belt and Road cooperation to continue to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of countries and strengthening connectivity in various fields, and to continue to release more momentum.
(Madrid Telegraph)
(People's Daily reporter Yan Huan)
Report: Number of international students returning to China to seek jobs hits new high in 2022 - Xinhua News Agency
Top 10 Countries for Recent International Students to Study in 2022 Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
BEIJING, Feb. 11 (Xinhua) -- According to the "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") recently released, the number of new international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returning international students seeking jobs reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises is also on the rise.
According to the report, since 2020, the number of returnees seeking jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of fresh international students returning home to seek jobs has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of incoming international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of returning international students seeking jobs reached a new high.
In terms of the distribution of countries of study for returning international students seeking employment, the United Kingdom accounted for the highest share of 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), ranking the same as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of new international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore increased significantly year-on-year in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of new international students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia fell year-on-year.
Trends in the supply and demand of returnees in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023 Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
According to the survey, 58 percent of the international students who decided to return to China thought that "life at home is more convenient", 40 percent decided to return because they "identify more with the cultural environment at home", 32 percent thought that "there are more employment opportunities at home", and 22 percent thought that the recovery of domestic economic activity would accelerate and more employment opportunities would be available.
Data show that the current demand for overseas talents by domestic enterprises is rapidly released, and the demand for returned talents is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees seeking jobs in China both showed an upward trend, with the number of priority positions for returnees increasing by 11% on February 3 compared to January 28, and the number of returnees seeking jobs increasing by 27%.
In terms of industries, among the priority jobs for returnees in 2022, the number of jobs from the education/training industry accounted for 27.8%, ranking first, while the professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
Changes in the number of returnees seeking jobs in China in recent years Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for returnees has increased for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan per month (RMB, the same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan per month over 13,719 yuan per month in 2021, an increase of 7%.
By region, the willingness of returnees to go to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier cities and below increased in 2022, with the proportion of delivery in 2022 being 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively, all higher than the proportion of delivery in 2021.
As for the gains from studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said that they were basically in line with expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points over the previous year (49.9%).
28.2 per cent of returnees said it was higher or much higher than expected, which is also up from 25.4 per cent in 2021.
(concluded)
Save half the cost or more?
Henan Province Standardizes and Integrates the Price of Oral Implant Medical Services-China News
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of tens of thousands of dollars has been prohibitive for many patients.
Since the beginning of this year, with the accelerated landing of dental implant collection, all over the dental implant price reduction on the agenda.
From February 10, the price of a single conventional dental implant in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the cost of a single conventional dental implant is not higher than 97% of the regulatory target.
Dental implant refers to a kind of missing tooth restoration based on the implantation of the underlying structure in the bone tissue to support and retain the upper tooth restoration.
The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that a single conventional implant, for example, from implantation to final repair, the price is about 167,000 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that in my case, it is almost more than 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, basically half of the savings.
On the basis of the current project, Henan Province also consolidated and determined the "implantation fee (single)" and other 15 dental implant medical service price items, and unified the development of provincial public medical institutions prices and medical insurance payment categories, the elimination or adjustment of dental implantation and other 20 medical service price items.
Li Yunjie, Director of Medical Price and Tendering and Procurement Department, Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four parties, one is the medical insurance, the expenditure of the medical insurance is less; the pressure of the hospital is less, the patient will increase appropriately; for the suppliers to get a market; for our patients is the most profitable party, the cost of a tooth implant may be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: to build the first in China, the world's leading speed pioneer city-China News
China News Service, February 11 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- According to the "Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology" WeChat public number on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen Extreme Pioneer City Construction Action Plan".
It is proposed that by the end of 2023, a high-speed, high-capacity, low-latency super-broadband network will be built to achieve the goal of "dual gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, everything connected" network construction, to create the first domestic and world-leading high-speed pioneer city.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrading of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The Plan calls for an overall improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Study and formulate Shenzhen 5G network service quality standards, carry out 5G network testing and evaluation, improve 5G network service quality.
We support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, adding 10,000 new 5G base stations throughout the year, with an average download rate of 500Mbps and an upstream rate of 100Mbps in the city, and a download rate of 1000Mbps and an upstream rate of 200Mbps in key areas.
Build a city-class high-quality wireless LAN.
We will formulate specifications for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, promote the upgrading of WLAN in areas with dense population and concentrated information consumption needs in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Relying on the "deep i-network" to build a unified certification and supervision platform for the city's public wireless LAN, to achieve "one-time certification, senseless roaming, intelligent switching", and to support the operator to include the social self-built AP (wireless access point) with public service capabilities into the certification and supervision platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APs will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical transport network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and enhance the capacity of Internet application services.
The Plan clearly and collaboratively builds an object-linked perception system.
Based on the "open source Hongmeng" operating system, we will build a management model for the construction of urban sensing terminals, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of urban-level connected sensing platforms, and promote the network and data connectivity of urban IoT platforms and professional IoT platforms in various fields.
We will deepen the application of connected sensing in urban management, people's livelihood services, public security, transportation and other fields, and expand the collection channels of fixed sensing such as urban roads, buildings and public facilities and mobile sensing such as intelligent network-connected vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water and electricity IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, creating 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects.
The Plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and terrestrial communications applications, laying out the construction of low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting the deep coverage of maritime 5G networks.
At the same time, we will promote the deep coverage of maritime 5G networks, build an ecosystem of industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top-level events and activities.
(China-Singapore Finance)
China's e-commerce industry emerges "new variables" , with goods how to do "content is king"?
- China News Service
China News Service, February 11 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The emergence of "new variables" in China's e-commerce industry, how to do "content is king"?
China-Singapore Business Journalist Xia Bin
“We entered e-commerce late, but from the beginning we realized that content was important to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fang Fang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, now runs a tonic food store on twitter, allowing an offline store with a history of more than 30 years to "blossom" online.
Imitating the tone of old Hong Kong films, with classic Cantonese songs, open @ Fangfang one-person food twitter account, beautiful video is refreshing.
In the recently held twitter e-commerce "looking for peers · quality content sharing session", Fangfang as a representative of quality creators to speak on the scene, introduced the daily creation experience and experience.
She said at the scene: "The well-polished video has gained a lot of attention from netizens, a lot of people are interested in my ingredients, want to follow along with the food, the market opened up all of a sudden.
”
Fangfang relied on the soup video to make more people fall in love with the "taste of Laoguang", and a live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, saving her family's old shop from the brink of collapse.
"No content, no e-commerce" , with the continuous development of short video and live e-commerce, people's e-commerce content requirements and standards are entering a new stage.
At the beginning of the development of live streaming, the studio often used low-cost discounts to attract users, the price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there are Liu Xihong, Oriental selection and other phenomena such as big V, but also in the vertical segmentation of the emergence of many people and businesses not known to the public, they continue to create quality content in line with their own brand tone, improve long-term business benefits.
Gao Yaxuan, head of the star author operation of twitter e-commerce, said that 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through twitter e-commerce in the past year, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total turnover has more than doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving, vibrant ecology of authors.
" said Gao Yaxuan.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the E-commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report, which analyzes the importance of quality content, a "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry, from the data dimension, and uses the index to evaluate the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China.
According to the above-mentioned report of the e-commerce industry content ecological health index ranking, twitter e-commerce, fast hand, Taobao, Pinduoduo, JD.com in the top five.
According to the report, the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept, is the integration of e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, good PGC (professionally produced content) and UGC (user-original content) is a high-quality carrier for integration with e-commerce, the higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce implantation, the stronger the commercial value, the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption that is gradually integrated and distributed in the public and private spheres.
At the scene, Yu Guoming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, made an analysis and interpretation of the Report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumption accessibility" to "consumption quality" stage, high-quality, professional, differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and grasp of the new stage of e-commerce development, knowledge payment, professional knowledge, KOL (key opinion leader) and other PGC content began to become standard in e-commerce live broadcast.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content from the perspective of improving the content structure, to create positive content creation and management standards, and to achieve the index and dynamic balance of the content ecological health system in the e-commerce industry.
Another is from the external ecological point of view, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value of the external environment synergy and co-creation.
"The future e-commerce industry also needs more data, artificial intelligence support, to form a forecast of future development stability; in addition, to provide businesses with more standardized, healthy growth space, to achieve the value of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry synergy, to create a healthy content ecosystem.
(concluded)
Beijing Stock Exchange Margin Trading Business to Start Next Week - China News
(Reporter Sun Jie) Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange announced that, with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched on February 13, when securities companies that have obtained the margin trading authority of the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept the entrustment of investors to declare margin trading to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first 56 stocks subject to margin lending will be determined with January 31, 2023 as the base date for calculation.
The BSE said that the list of stocks subject to margin and the list of securities subject to margin will be published through the "Information Disclosure - Margin Information" section of the BSE's official website to facilitate investors' inquiries.
Margin is an important basic system of the securities market and a more mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited comments on the margin business.
The launch of margin trading on the Beijing Stock Exchange is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the Beijing Stock Exchange, improve the trading mechanism and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
Margin system is conducive to enrich investors' trading strategies, meet investors' diversified trading needs, promote market price discovery, and further enhance market liquidity.
In the next step, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the BSE will continue to do a good job in safeguarding the margin business, enrich the trading system tools guided by the needs of investors, improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange serving innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Held in Beijing He Lifeng Attended the Main Forum and Delivered a Keynote Speech-China News Service
BEIJING, Feb. 11 (Xinhua) -- The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing on February 11.
He Lifeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and head of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached at the Bangkok meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and strengthen China-Japan green development cooperation.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of its mode of development, further promote the prevention and control of environmental pollution, strengthen resource conservation in an all-round way, actively and steadily promote peak carbon neutrality, coordinate efforts to promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation-intensive, green and low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people and cultural exchanges, so as to elevate the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasutoshi Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
Co-organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China and the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan and the Japan-China Economic Association, the forum included the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, intelligent vehicle electrification, hydrogen energy and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from Chinese and Japanese governments, enterprises and institutions exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operation in Turkey, has rescued 4 trapped people-CNN
China News Service, February 11 (Xinhua) -- According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team, which is searching and rescuing in Turkey, sent three operational teams and 45 rescuers to rescue one trapped person.
At the same time, two search and assessment teams were dispatched to assess and investigate 15 buildings on Wadabash Street.
So far, four trapped people have been rescued, five victims have been found, and vital signs and risk assessments have been carried out on 25 severely collapsed buildings.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue scene, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work.
Rescue teams through the embassy, local government, United Nations relief organizations and other channels to obtain rescue help information, through online inquiries, on-site search and other ways to verify one by one.
Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapse to the rescue team in Hong Kong, China, and jointly carry out search operations.
At present, he is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team, and has sent three team members to participate in the work of the Regional Rescue Coordination Center No. 5. He has communicated with many teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman and other countries, and learned about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organizations and rescue teams from various countries.
The rescue team continued to strengthen safety management and team security, in accordance with the principle of "unified command, safety first", strengthen safety control at the rescue site, strengthen discipline requirements for rescue work, and clarify safety precautions.
We will continue to operate the rotational standby and sentry work system to strengthen camp safety management.
The medical personnel of the rescue team provide medical examination services for the team members every day and strengthen the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all the members of the rescue team are in good health and carry out extermination in the camp.
Since the establishment of the camp, the logistics support team has set up a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical cleaning, living accommodation and kennels, and more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.
Xinhua News Agency Commentator: Promoting Chinese-style Modernization Is a Systematic Project--Four Discussions on Deeply Understanding General Secretary Xi Jinping's Important Speech at the Opening Ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress - Xinhua News Agency
BEIJING, Feb. 11 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Promoting Chinese-style Modernization is a Systematic Project--Four Discussions on Deeply Understanding General Secretary Xi Jinping's Important Speech at the Opening Ceremony of the Seminar on Learning and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Xinhua News Agency commentator
"Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires overall consideration, systematic planning and overall promotion, and correctly handling a series of major relationships such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and opening up to the outside world.
At the opening ceremony of the seminar for new members and alternate members of the Central Committee and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization, thoroughly and systematically expounded a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, and provided a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society and ecological civilization, and is related to the governance of the Party, the country, the armed forces, domestic affairs, foreign affairs and national defense.
Top-level design requires a deep insight into the general trend of world development, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the people, an in-depth exploration of the laws of economic and social development, so that the planning and policy system formulated reflects the times, grasps the regularity, is full of creativity, and achieves the combination of near and far, up and down, and content coordination.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are still many uncharted areas. We need to explore boldly in practice and promote career development through reform and innovation.
The question of strategy is the fundamental question of a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we should strengthen the forward-looking nature of the strategy, foresee the future and lead it with a scientific strategy; we should strengthen the overall nature of the strategy, focus on solving major problems that affect the success or failure of the cause of the Party and the state, and affect the whole body at once; we should strengthen the stability of the strategy, and once the strategy is formed, we should adhere to it for a long time, grasp it to the end, and make good progress.
We should scientifically grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and tactics, organically combine the principle of strategy and the flexibility of strategy, be flexible, adaptable, make decisions on the spot, and grasp the strategic initiative in the light of local conditions, the situation, and the situation.
The Chinese nation is a nation of integrity and innovation.
To deal with the relationship between integrity and innovation, we should not only keep the essence and source, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, and ensure the right direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize and adapt to change, vigorously promote reform and innovation, constantly shape new drivers of development and new advantages, and fully stimulate the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation of equity, and equity is a strong guarantee of efficiency.
In promoting Chinese-style modernization, we should not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also safeguard social equity more effectively, and better balance, promote and unify efficiency and equity.
We should handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, constantly realize that development is for the people, development depends on the people, and the fruits of development are shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization will benefit all the people more and more equitably.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we need to deal with the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both dynamic and stable and orderly.
We should coordinate the two major issues of development and security, implement the overall concept of national security, improve the national security system, enhance the ability to safeguard national security, and firmly safeguard the security of state power, system, ideology and key areas.
We should not only give more consideration to security factors in development, enhance the strength of national security through development, and use development achievements to consolidate the foundation of national security, but also be good at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, constantly stimulate the vitality of development, and realize the benign interaction of high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we should not only adhere to our own path, but also expand our vision of the world, adhere to opening up to the outside world, and constantly expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We should adhere to independence, self-reliance and self-reliance, put the development of the country and the nation on the basis of our own strength, and firmly hold the fate of China's development and progress in our own hands.
We should continuously expand high-level opening-up to the outside world, deeply participate in global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, share development opportunities and create a better future in mutual benefit and win-win results.
You can only go far if you follow the path.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core and under the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping's Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, grasp the law, persevere in practice, give full play to enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, properly handle a series of major relations, forge ahead on the new journey of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way, and constantly open up a new realm of Chinese-style modernization.
The Biden administration on Friday (February 10) blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program.
The Commerce Department said the five Chinese companies and one research institute helped modernize China's military, especially aerospace programs, including airships and aircraft.
Blacklisted companies have had difficulty gaining access to U.S. technology exports.
The list, known as the "entity list", prevents companies from buying technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Sky Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group 48 Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Earlier, the White House said it was considering broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident caused further tension between China and the United States, and U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken canceled a trip to China.
After the U.S. shot down the balloon on February 4, the Chinese government lodged stern representations with the U.S. Embassy in China, criticizing the U.S. for seriously impacting and undermining the efforts and process of both sides to stabilize China-U.S. relations.
Based on available wreckage evidence and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the U.S. government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon was "directly related to the People's Liberation Army of China" and was an approved supplier to the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and clarified its position on the incident of a Chinese unmanned civilian airship straying into U.S. airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the United States Congress were pure political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied with this and firmly opposes it.
Matthew Axelrod, assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce, said: "Today's action demonstrates our joint efforts to identify and stop China's use of spy balloons that violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
”
An employee of Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he had no knowledge of the sanctions and declined to comment further, Reuters reported.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States and has not yet commented on the information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and will be subject to criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle) Days after an earthquake struck parts of Turkey and Syria, hopes of finding survivors are fading, but the rescue of a family of five on Saturday was a huge relief for searchers.
The family of five was rescued after being trapped under rubble for more than five days in the hard-hit town of Nurdai in Gaziantep province, the Associated Press reported.
Rescuers pulled the mother and daughter from a pile of rubble, then found the father, but he insisted on saving his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, the crowd cheered.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in severe cold weather conditions.
"What day is it?"
" the teenager, who had been trapped under the rubble for 129 hours, asked his rescuers after being brought back to the surface.
A Kahramanmarash man holds his newly rescued cat
Miraculously successful rescues have brought a glimmer of hope to an already bleak search and rescue effort, but at the same time, the death toll is rising.
Monday's earthquake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, according to official statistics, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated at more than 3,500.
Although experts say people can survive for more than a week after being trapped in the rubble, hopes of finding more survivors have become increasingly slim.
Rescuers are still using thermal imagers to look for signs of life under the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of relief efforts began to shift to helping survivors in desperate need.
UN official: Disaster in the region "unprecedented in a century"
Martin Griffiths, UN Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, told a news conference in Turkey that the quake was the "worst disaster in a hundred years" in the region.
He also praised Turkey's post-disaster response as "extraordinary."
He also told Reuters he hoped to be able to deliver aid to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but said the matter was "unclear."
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in aid for people in Syria's quake-hit areas.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced $25 million for relief in Turkey and Syria.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Chile earthquake (1960)
On May 22, 1960, at 3:11 p.m. local time, the largest earthquake ever observed and recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a moment magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
After the earthquake, a huge tsunami hit the Chilean coastline, creating waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami reached as far away as Japan and the Philippines.
The number of people killed and the economic damage caused by a disaster of this scope cannot be precisely known.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964, was a Friday and Good Friday.
On that day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Alaska earthquake was the third largest earthquake on record in the world.
The earthquake occurred when a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate ruptured in Prince William Sound near College Fjord.
The quake lasted between three and five minutes in most areas.
The displacement of the seabed triggered a huge tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Schools and many businesses were closed because it was a holiday.
The earthquake killed 139 people.
Nine of them died as a direct result of the earthquake, while the other 130 died as a result of the tsunami triggered by the earthquake.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Tangshan earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or greater struck Tangshan City and Fengnan County in Hebei Province, China, within 16 hours.
The epicenter was 23km from the ground.
Tangshan city's transportation, communications, water supply, and power supply were disrupted, and the city was razed to the ground in an instant.
Strong tremors were also felt in the capital, Beijing, 140 kilometers away.
According to official statistics, the quake killed 242,769 people and seriously injured 164,851 in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second deadliest earthquake on record in China, after the 1556 Jiajing earthquake.
But overseas scientists estimate that the quake may have killed at least 650,000 people.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On 26 December 2004, an earthquake occurred 160km off the west coast of Aceh Province on the Indonesian island of Sumatra at a depth of 30km, with a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with wave heights of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the worst-hit areas including the Indonesian province of Aceh, the Thai resort areas of Ho Chi Minh City and Phuket, Sri Lanka, and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
At that time, it was the peak tourist season of Christmas, and a large number of tourists and local residents gathered in the affected area. As a result, many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and local people working at the seaside were swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, making many people missing in the earthquake.
The number of dead and missing is estimated to be at least 300,000.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake struck the Wenchuan region of Sichuan Province, China.
According to the China Seismological Bureau, the quake had a surface wave magnitude of 8.2 and a moment magnitude of 8.3, damaging an area of more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had killed 69,227 people, left 17,923 missing, injured 374,643 people to varying degrees, and left 199,303 people without shelter, with a total affected population of 46.256 million.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the deadliest since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day to strengthen public education and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation.
Since then, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools have held anti-earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to pay attention to the popularization of "earthquake prevention and disaster reduction" education.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On 12 January 2010, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale struck the Caribbean island of Haiti.
The epicenter was 25 kilometers southwest of Haiti's capital, Port-au-Prince, and the epicenter was about 13 kilometers from the surface.
The International Committee of the Red Cross estimates that about 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The Haitian government has put the confirmed death toll at more than 200,000.
In some parts of Haiti, as many as 90 percent of homes were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite massive aid and support from the international community, the impoverished, overpopulated and corrupt country has never recovered from the disaster.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
The Great Tōhoku Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large thrust area earthquake with a moment magnitude of 9.0 struck off the coast of Tohoku, Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, at a depth of 24km, and triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1m.
It was the first earthquake with a magnitude greater than 9 to be recorded in Japan.
About 22,000 people lost their lives in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was affected by the earthquake and tsunami.
The accident was classified as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
As a result of the Fukushima nuclear accident, trace amounts of radioactive substances, including iodine-131 and caesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years), have been measured worldwide.
Large quantities of radioisotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people are in urgent need of food in the affected areas of Turkey and Syria.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes because of the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has appealed for $77 million to feed people displaced by earthquakes in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is below freezing, and many victims have no shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but the supplies are still struggling to reach many people in desperate need.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has added to the suffering of the population.
In the four days since the earthquake, the World Food Programme has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(AP, Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and will be subject to criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Alert: Police Department urges citizens to beware of fraudulent SMS messages from fake telecommunications companies
Recently, the Superintendent of Police received a number of telecommunications fraud cases in which criminals pretended to be local telecommunications companies to send scam text messages with website links to the owners, with the lure that the points should be redeemed as soon as possible, to lure the owners to log on to the fake website for redemption.
The owner followed the instructions to enter the credit card information and verification code, and then received a notification from the financial institution that the credit card had an unknown consumption record, suspecting that the credit card information had been stolen through the above-mentioned website.
Upon investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above-mentioned SMS.
The SPB urges members of the public to be vigilant if they receive similar SMS messages and not to log on to the website links or provide any personal information contained in the SMS messages. If they are asked to provide credit card details, account transaction passwords or transaction verification codes, they should exercise extra caution to prevent credit card theft.
Fraud prevention tips:
1. Pay more attention to network security information and raise personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not log on to unknown websites and register personal and credit card information in order to prevent theft;
3. Be wary of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website address is exactly the same as the official website;
4. Install anti-virus software for mobile phones, mobile devices or computers and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Fraud Enquiry Hotline of the Superintendent of Police on 8800 7777 or the Crime Reporting Hotline on 993 for help.
NEWS GOV-MO: Large-scale delegation from Hong Kong visits tourist attractions and facilities in Macau to attract Hong Kong visitors and expand "online travel" between Hong Kong and Macao
The Tourism Bureau organized a large-scale Hong Kong delegation of more than 100 people from the tourism department of the Hong Kong Government, the tourism industry and the media to Macau. In addition to working meetings and industry talks, representatives of the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media visited a number of tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macau in batches to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market and promote cultural and tourism linkages between the two places to expand the Hong Kong and Macao "online travel" market.
In-person inspection to introduce a new way of tourism in Macau
The 100-member large-scale delegation from Hong Kong included leading executives of relevant tourism departments of the Hong Kong Government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators from Hong Kong and Macao, as well as about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, online media representatives and bloggers/internet celebrities, etc., who visited Macao for exchange and inspection to learn about the latest tourism resources in Macao. The Hong Kong industry and media brought the new game of Macao tourism to Hong Kong residents and visitors to Hong Kong, and took advantage of the advantages of Hong Kong's transport hub to expand the "online travel" market in Hong Kong and Macao.
Two-day intensive trip to find business opportunities and increase publicity
Yesterday and today, the delegation visited the World Heritage Site "Historic City of Macau", experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel and Tour Samba" - the immersive digital experience exhibition of the Grand Samba Archway, the Macao Pinnacle, the Old Town of Taipa, as well as a number of large resort hotels and facilities: Shanghai Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, Merion MGM, Morpeth, The Londoner Macau, Galaxy Macau, Artelli Multidimensional Art Space at Melco World and teamLab Supernatural Space at The Venetian Macau.
Through visiting Macau's tourism facilities and experiencing Macau's "Tourism Plus" elements first-hand, the members of the delegation shared Macau's tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrated the promotion and sale of Macau's latest tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong Tourists and Expanding Hong Kong and Macao "Online Travel Together"
Taking advantage of the resumption of customs clearance, the MGTO launched a promotional campaign and launched various offers in the Hong Kong market, including the introduction of discounted transport tickets to and from Hong Kong and Macao, and advertising on online and offline platforms with a new promotional video.
Following last month's invitation to Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to visit Macao for exchange and Hong Kong NetRed to experience Macao's "Tourism Plus", Hong Kong tourism industry and media representatives were again organized to visit Macao to increase marketing efforts to attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and spend in Macao. The two local industries also discussed and worked together to expand the Hong Kong and Macao "online travel" market, expand the mainland and overseas markets, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both places.
Xi Jinping wrote back to encourage members of the China-Africa medical team to benefit the local people with benevolence and kindness and tell China's story with practical actions - Rolling News -
Xi Jinping wrote back to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Central Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence and tell China's story well with practical actions
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua] [Editor: Li Sufeng]
BEIJING, Feb. 10 (Xinhua) -- Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee, President of the People's Republic of China (PRC) and Chairman of the Central Military Commission (CMC), sent a letter to the members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams assisting the Central African Republic (CAR) on February 9, extending greetings and raising high expectations to them and the vast number of foreign medical teams.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that in China and Africa, you have overcome difficulties in work and life and served the local people attentively. You are not only angels in white who save lives and help the injured, but also friendly messengers who convey friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China's foreign aid medical teams. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are and have carried out foreign aid medical missions.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign medical aid is a vivid embodiment.
We hope that you will not forget your original intention and keep your mission in mind, vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team, which is not afraid of hardship, willing to give, save the dead and help the injured, and love knows no bounds, benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, tell the Chinese story well with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the building of a human health community.
Medical aid is an important part of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, we sent the first foreign medical support team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, it has sent 30,000 medical team members to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, and treated 290 million patients, winning wide acclaim from the international community.
Currently, CARE teams work in 115 medical sites in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of China-Africa Medical Team sent a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on learning and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and providing medical services to the local people, and expressing their determination to contribute to building a human health community.
Seminar for New Members, Alternate Members of the Central Committee and Major Leading Cadres at the Provincial and Ministerial Levels to Learn and Implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Seminar for New Members, Alternate Members of the Central Committee and Major Leading Cadres at the Provincial and Ministerial Levels to Learn and Implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua] [Editor: Li Sufeng]
BEIJING, Feb. 10 (Xinhua) -- A seminar for new members and alternate members of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress concluded at the Central Party School (National School of Administration) on the afternoon of February 10. Cai Qi, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and Secretary of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee, attended the closing ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that we should deeply study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the "two establishments" and resolutely achieve the "two maintenances", strengthen our skills, truly grasp practical work, solidly promote the work of Chinese-style modernization, and create a performance that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in building a modern socialist country in an all-round way and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation in an all-round way.
During the seminar, all the students, guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, earnestly studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges in the light of reality, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, enhanced their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation through Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, and enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to perform their duties and responsibilities, do a good job and ensure a good start to the new journey in the new era.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar spoke and reported on their learning gains.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress is not only the primary political task in the current and future period, but also a long-term strategic task.
We should more deeply understand the decisive significance of the "two establishments", resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, the authority of the CPC Central Committee and centralized and unified leadership, constantly improve our political judgment, political understanding and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of consistency in thought, politics and action with the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core.
We should strive to master the Marxist theory as a watchdog, consciously arm our minds with the Party's innovative theories, guide our practice and promote our work, and make great efforts in deep study, careful understanding and practice, so as to truly learn to have firm faith, absolute loyalty and responsibility for our mission.
We should carry out the decisions and deployments of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in a spirit of forging ahead, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, throw ourselves down as the "construction captain" and turn the blueprint into reality step by step.
We should bear in mind that strict Party governance in an all-round way is always on the way, and the Party's self-revolution is always on the way. We should compact the political responsibilities of strict Party governance in an all-round way, take the Party's political construction as the leader, and deeply advance the new great project of Party construction in the new era.
We should strengthen our ability to promote high-quality development, serve the masses, prevent and resolve risks, promote the wind of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo and Wang Xiaohong attended the closing ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the closing ceremony.
Google AI chatbot "answers wrong questions" parent company's share price evaporates by hundreds of billions of dollars
(Comprehensive 11 News)
Shares in Alphabet, Google's parent company, plunged 8.9 per cent below the $100 mark on Wednesday, wiping $110 billion (RM476.5 billion) off its market value as of Friday's close at $94.57, after the company's new artificial intelligence chatbot, Bard, failed to answer the "wrong question" in a promotional video.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as good as rival Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google earlier posted a promotional video for its AI chatbot Bard on social media, in which someone asks Bard, "What new discoveries can I tell my 9-year-old about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?
In response, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first pictures of an extrasolar planet.
However, according to NASA, the first image of an exoplanet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.
Reuters reported that "Alphabet shares plummet after Bard's wrong answer".
On the other hand, Google stated that Bard's response "highlights the importance of a rigorous testing process" and that it would combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards based on quality, security, and truthful information."
Singapore's tourism industry recovers strongly, with arrivals 19 times higher than in 2021
The Singapore Tourism Board (STB) recently announced that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore in 2023 is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million, which will bring about S$18 billion to S$21 billion in tourism revenue.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, tourist arrivals in 2022 increased 19-fold to 6.3 million from 330,600 in 2021, surpassing the board's earlier estimate of 4 million to 6 million, and tourists have recovered to 33% of pre-pandemic levels.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totalled S$8.96 billion, and is expected to reach S$13.8 billion to S$14.3 billion in 2022, a six- to seven-fold increase from S$1.89 billion in 2021, and has recovered to about 50 to 52 per cent of pre-2019 levels.
The Singapore government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced nearly S$500 million to stimulate tourism recovery.
The Tourism Board has announced plans to allocate S$110 million from this budget over the next two years to launch more business and leisure activities to attract visitors back.
To make health and wellness one of Singapore's tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) launched a call for expressions of interest on 23 November 2022 to develop a health and wellness attraction on Singapore's south coast.
'In recent years, more and more tourists have put their health at the top of their list of considerations,' said Wang Ling-li, executive director of sports and wellness tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board.
The development of a health and wellness attraction in the Marina South area, which is home to Gardens by the Bay and Marina Barrage, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism industry and economy, allowing visitors to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore's tourism product in the next few years, said Tan Kin Lung, director of the Singapore Tourism Board.
It has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Bureau has been promoting health and wellness programmes to the local public and international tourists for the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held its first Health and Wellness Festival, offering more than 130 health activities and experiences to the public.
Singapore will continue to offer visitors new travel experiences.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, Avatar World at Gardens by the Bay, Sentosa Central Beach Bazaar, the new "Explore New Frontiers" exhibition hall at the Museum of Arts and Sciences, and the new amphitheatre at the Night Safari, the Tourism Board will support the development and renewal of projects such as the Bird Park at Wild Animal World to make Singapore an attractive international destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will develop industry standards for the sustainable development of MICE tourism by 2023, with a focus on improving waste disposal and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the airline industry.
Data show that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has experienced a strong recovery in passenger traffic, receiving as many as 150,000 passengers per day and about 1 million passengers per week, equivalent to about 75% of the pre-pandemic level, and the number of employees in the aviation industry has returned to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
Data show that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers, equivalent to 42% of the pre-pandemic level, and 170,000 flights, 53% of the pre-pandemic level.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also led to the pace of recovery in the accommodation, transportation, dining and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Ke Shudan, assistant director of the international division of the Singapore Tourism Board, said a survey by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore ranked among the top three in the world in terms of safety, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular with Chinese tourists.
Before COVID-19, about 3.6 million people from China traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.
As China relaxes its border policies, the number of Chinese tourists this year is expected to return to 30% to 60% of 2019.
Ke Shudan pointed out that next, the tourism bureau will pay close attention to further signals from China's outbound travel policy to respond to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in overseas travel from China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the tourism industry will recover faster than expected as long as there is no significant downturn in the global economy affecting public revenues and no new large-scale deadly outbreaks.
Kim Jong Un father-daughter interaction intimate wife snubbed aside
North Korea held a military parade on the evening of the 8th to mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the armed forces, and leader Kim Jong-un's daughter Kim Joo-ae not only attended, but also stood on the podium with her father.
North Korean state media released the film on the 9th, Kim snuggled up to her father, exchanged warm glances and whispered several times, she gently cupped her father's cheek with her hands and even touched his chest, and the father-daughter interaction was broadcast to the whole country.
However, First Lady Li Xuejun could only retreat to the sidelines.
According to South Korea's "North Korea News" and other reports, in the official group photo of Kim Jong-un and Lee Seok-joo with their daughter Kim Joo-ae at the dinner on the 7th, Kim Joo-ae not only sat in the middle of her parents in the rare C seat, but she also joined Kim Jong-un on the podium at the military parade for the 75th anniversary of the Army Day the next night.
North Korea's state-run Korean Central Television later released footage of the parade, exposing more father-daughter love scenes.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the podium, and the smiles on their faces never faded, and they whispered in each other's ears. At one point, Kim Jong-un cupped his father's cheeks with his hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a big smile.
Other state media footage showed Kim repeatedly touching her father's face while sitting on an indoor sofa chair with Kim Jong-un, and touching Kim Jong-un's chest while walking arm-in-arm with her father.
The first lady, Li Xuejun, could only walk behind or sit on the sidelines, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that Kim Jong-Ai has been exposed more and more in the past three months since he first showed his face in public on November 18 last year when he test-fired the Mars 17 missile, and this is the fifth time he has appeared on an official occasion.
North Korean state media referred to Kim Jong-Ai by highly respected titles such as dearest son and honorable son, and also broadcast footage of Kim Jong-Ai in the stands overlooking the military parade, chanting his support for the white bloodline to the death.
These signs have led to doubts about whether Kim Jong-Ai has been internalized as the heir to the Kim regime, with The Washington Post analyzing that "this is a signal that Kim Jong-un has pushed his middle-school-aged daughter into the position of successor", although some argue that such a judgment is still premature and that there are still possibilities in the case of Kim Jong-un having a son at his knees.
Chongyang Q&A - How to view the U.S. January non-farm payrolls data exceeded expectations and future trends - Economic and Social Council - Professional Financial News
Q:Chongyang Investment, how do you view the U.S. January non-farm payrolls data exceeded expectations and future trends?
A: On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor released non-farm payrolls data for January 2023, adding 517,000 non-farm payrolls, significantly higher than market expectations of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; and hourly wages grew by 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, slowing slightly.
From the aggregate point of view, there are many one-time and technical disturbances in the data, such as faculty and staff returning from strike, the revision of the survey statistics, the update of the seasonal adjustment factor, the follow-up may be revised (refer to the January 2022 new non-farm payrolls revised down from 504,000 to 364,000), non-farm payrolls may not be as strong as reflected in the data.
From a structural point of view, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is low; new employment in high-contact services such as leisure and hotels, education and health care has picked up significantly, and the data show that the labor gap in the service sector still exists.
Combined with the recovery in the services PMI, job openings and labor gap data, which also beat expectations, and the strength in consumer credit data, we see a quick recovery in the U.S. services sector after the extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will not improve without a recession.
There is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the U.S. labor market, and the labor participation rate has been slow to rise, especially among 25-54-year-olds, who are near their pre-pandemic highs.
On top of that, strong consumer demand due to excess savings and strong consumer credit in the US will cause the impact of tightening policies on the job market to lag further.
Continued tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be the backdrop for the U.S. economy in 2023.
Overlay is now near the end of the rate hike, inflation expectations continue to repeat, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to the release of this data, the U.S. equity and debt exchange market expectations for the Fed's path of interest rate hikes were overly optimistic.
As the inflation data continues to improve, the Fed is shortening the pace of interest rate hikes while maintaining the fragile balance of market inflation expectations, but the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed's hawkish statements, not only expected to stop raising interest rates early, but also expected to cut rates twice by the end of the year.
In the context of tight supply and demand in the labor market, the impact of tightening policy is unclear, we believe that the Fed's year-end guidance for interest rate hikes is relatively reasonable, the market's extreme expectations of adjustment and trading congestion may have some harm to the market.
Nevertheless, the stubbornness of wage growth is difficult to change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation, with M2 data turning negative year-on-year and the leading indicators of various CPI sub-items gradually improving, since October, the U.S. CPI data has turned to a rapid decline stage, the stubbornness of wage growth will only form a bottom for future inflation data, the current market expectations are difficult to falsify, after the release of the next inflation data market or enter a new round of games.
Shanshan founder Zheng Yonggang died of sudden heart disease, led the transformation of China's first clothing - Economic and Social Council - Professional financial news
On February 11, the WeChat public account of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shangshan Holdings") issued an obituary. Zheng Yonggang, founder of Shanshan Enterprises and chairman of the board of directors of Shanshan Holdings, died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65 due to a sudden heart disease.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of a state-owned cotton mill, and in 1989, Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yungang Garment Factory, the predecessor of Shanshan.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Conference of Chinese Enterprise Leaders and the 22nd Annual Conference of Future Stars of Chinese Enterprises, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the 1990s, the market share of Shanshan brand in China's suit market was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Shanshan shares (600884.SH) went public, becoming the first listed company in China's garment industry.
When the clothing business was in the ascendant, Shanshan Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that " once the market is liberalized, Chinese brands will naturally form an echelon brand market, Shanshan suits want to have been leading the way, the long-term possibility of becoming the national clothing of the Chinese people is unlikely. "
In 1999, Shanshan began to study the transformation of enterprises, Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "We came to Shanghai, looking for the transformation of what to do, specifically found a lot of experts and scholars, and continuously held a number of Zhuge Liang meetings, retreat seminars.
Finally, we set two broad strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, the other is great health has a future. "
After the strategic direction was determined, Shanshan began to look for cooperation, at that time Anshan Thermal Energy Institute for Ansteel supporting the Carbon Research Institute in the national 863 project, scientific research funds are not enough, so Shanshan and Anshan Thermal Energy Institute Carbon Research Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the national 863 project "interphase carbon microspheres" project industrialization, engaged in the research and development, production and sales of anode materials, to achieve the commercial promotion of anode materials in China.
In 2001, Sequoia Co., Ltd. realized the large-scale production of mesophase carbon microspheres and began to replace them domestically, replacing Japan as the main supplier of mesophase carbon microspheres in China.
This is China's first lithium-ion battery anode material production enterprises, to achieve the localization of lithium-ion battery anode material.
With the rapid popularity of the application of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Shanshan shares began to develop gradually, in 2007 lithium materials business was written into the main business of Shanshan shares, the proportion of clothing business revenue decreased year by year, until 2013, Shanshan shares of lithium materials business revenue fully exceeded the clothing business.
In February 2021, Sequoia successfully acquired LG Chemical's polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established a polarizer company Sequoia Optoelectronics, the field of high technology content, Sequoia's main competitors are the world's top 500, such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical, Nitto Denko.
Zheng Yonggang once shared the experience of post-investment management, " Chinese private enterprises to buy some international high-tech enterprises, the probability of success is relatively low, why those acquisitions will fail?
Because everyone will think, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, this is usually an act to do", however, Zheng Yonggang is different, the day of the successful acquisition of Shanshan, Zheng Yonggang to Shanjin Optoelectronics publicly announced that Shanshan as the majority shareholder of Shanjin, decided to implement one enterprise two systems, in addition to Zheng Yonggang as chairman, Shanshan enterprises are not sent to Shanjin, take the way of authorized management, the original distribution system, corporate culture, management and other models remain unchanged.
ICC Xinyi information released 2022 anode data show that Shanshan anode 2022 shipments exceeded 200,000 tons, a year-on-year increase of 100%, market share reached 16%, artificial graphite anode material shipments continued to top the list.
In the polarizer business, Yano Research statistics show that the company's Shanjin Optoelectronics 2022 global market share reached 29%, is expected to reach 32% market share in 2023, continue to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshan's revenue was RMB15.841 billion and net profit was RMB2.313 billion. On February 10, Shanshan's share price was RMB19.24 per share, with a total market capitalization of RMB43.6 billion.
On February 9, Shanshan shares in the interactive platform said that by the end of 2022, the company's effective graphitization capacity of about 100,000 tons, Meishan project graphitization capacity is still climbing.
According to Wande, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshan shares.
According to SkyEye, Zheng Yonggang holds 40.1% of the total equity of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd.
The general manager of Shanshan shares is Li Zhihua, born in 1968, successively served as Dongguan Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd. chairman, Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd. deputy general manager.
Shanshan shares on February 10 in the investor interactive platform said that the company's senior management and the actual controller of the company does not have a family relationship.
"Fund E account" is coming: the CSRC authorizes the development of all funds in the name of investors to achieve aggregation and query - Economic and Social Council - Professional Financial News
Economic Observer reporter Chen Shan Fund purchase channels complicated account information collection is not easy?
Always forgetting the "little treasury"?
These problems of the Christian people are about to be solved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "Fund E Account" APP was listed in various mobile app stores and launched a public trial run.
According to reports, "Fund E Account" for individual investors to provide public offering fund account and share information "one-stop" query service, aimed at solving the majority of small and medium-sized investors forget accounts, cumbersome query and other industry service pain points.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were 156 public offering fund managers in China, with a fund size of about 26 trillion yuan under management; 167 public offering fund share registration institutions and 411 public offering fund sales institutions.
The account systems of the share registrars are independent of each other, and there is no unified inquiry channel in the industry.
Some industry sources said that by the end of 2021, China's fund investors more than 720 million people, that is, half of the country's people have invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to inquire about purchases through different sales organizations, but through the "Fund E Account" can inquire about purchases through all sales channels, holding funds at a glance.
What is the "Fund E Account" APP?
According to relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" APP is a mobile phone application approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission for the development and construction of the public offering fund industry portal, which can provide investors with a one-stop query on the over-the-counter share holdings of market-wide public offering fund products.
Through the "Fund E Account", investors can easily and quickly grasp the holdings of over-the-counter shares of public fund products of various fund managers purchased through various sales channels throughout the market, and comprehensively improve the efficiency of inquiries.
Specifically, the information that investors can access through the “Fund E Account” includes information on fund accounts opened with public offering fund managers throughout the market, trading accounts opened with public offering fund sales organizations, and over-the-counter share holdings of products including publicly offered securities investment funds and pooled asset management plans established and managed by securities companies where the number of investors is not limited to 200.
Liu Yiqian, head of business of Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation and Research Center, told the Economic and Social Council reporter that investors can get one-stop access to all their OTC public offering fund holdings through the "Fund E Account" app to help them retrieve their "forgotten assets", and more importantly, to achieve a comprehensive fund investment information collection for customers, to help customers more timely, accurate and complete grasp of their own investment situation, so as to better optimize their own fund portfolio allocation and better plan their own financial arrangements.
How do I register to use it?
The reporter noted that at present, the "Fund E Account" APP has been listed in Huawei, Apple, millet, OPPO, vivo and other mobile app stores, but the APP is still in the public trial stage, registration needs to fill in the invitation code, investors can contact the fund manager of the fund held to obtain.
The customer service staff of a large and medium-sized public offering fund in Shanghai provided a six-digit invitation code to the reporter of the Economic and Social Council, and told the reporter, "During the trial run of the APP, China Clearing provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager.
After the end of the trial run, open user registration will not need an invitation code.
”
Reporters according to the official website of the CSRC public "fund E account" download and use instructions related documents for account registration and complete the query, the whole process takes only a few minutes, mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real name authentication, fund account binding, public offering fund query.
After passing the real name authentication step, click on the "assets" fund binding button, the reporter through each fund sales platform to buy all the fund products are presented in the list of binding options (can bind accounts), after the completion of the binding you can visually see the total assets of the invested funds and can start to use the query function.
It is worth noting that the "Fund E Account" only provides inquiry services for investors and cannot be redeemed.
The data date displayed in the Fund E Account is generally three trading days forward from the date of the user's query (T-Day).
For example, if you open a Fund E account on February 10, the total assets, fund shares, and fund net worth shown on the assets page correspond to the date three trading days forward, i.e. February 7.
Copyright Notice: The above content is an original work of the Economic Observer and the copyright is owned by the Economic Observer.
Reprinting or mirroring without the authorization of the Economic Observer is strictly prohibited, otherwise the relevant actors will be investigated for legal responsibility in accordance with the law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
Reaching a Defense Consensus with the United States, Japan and the Philippines
ASIA – On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan for talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached consensus on opposing the Chinese Communist Party's encroachment on the South China Sea and the East China Sea. After the meeting, the leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement saying that they would sign a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to conduct substantive defense exchanges and oppose the Chinese Communist Party's hegemonic policy.
According to Japanese media, Kishida hoped to use the meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to deal with the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcos Jr. visited China in early January and secured a $20 billion deal.
But after that, China-Philippines relations not only did not improve, but declined.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to U.S. troops and guarantee security in the South China Sea.
One of the new additions is 300 kilometers from Taiwan and the closest location to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, U.S. forces may launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States to build an "arc against the Communist Party of China" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang Xia Liyan's visit to China conveys Song Tao's message: Welcome Green Camp's visit to China under the 1992 Consensus
Xia Liyan, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang of Taiwan, met with Song Tao, Director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council of China, and Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee.
In an interview with Taiwan's Central News Agency last night, Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the National Government Foundation, an official organ of the Kuomintang, spoke positively of Song Tao's statement to Xia Liyan that China welcomes Green Campers to visit the mainland as long as they agree with the 1992 Consensus and oppose Taiwan independence.
The Kuomintang side commented that it was a new thing.
Xia Liyan earlier met with Song Tao on the day of the news did not mention this statement.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party has for days clarified its rejection of the 1992 Consensus.
According to the Central News Agency today, Xia Liyan, vice chairman of the Kuomintang, led a delegation to visit Lu. During his visit to Beijing, he met with Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, and Yin Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee.
When Xia Liyan met with Song Tao, he said that the political foundation of the Kuomintang was the "1992 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence, while Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the Kuomintang National Political Foundation, said at the meeting that the Kuomintang's "1992 Consensus" was the original "1992 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analysis, this is different from the previous meetings to participate in the feeling.
In the recent video discussion with mainland academics, as well as in this discussion, we did not hear Taiwan-related scholars talk about Wutong and the "anti-secession law", but instead resumed exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the cross-Strait war is dangerous, and the Chinese mainland hopes to convey the intention of improving relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the People's Republic of China and the Communist Party of China, the other side is still willing to do a good job for the Taiwanese, and the representative does not want cross-Strait relations to deteriorate.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally gave instructions to Song Tao that "you must implement the demands they (Taiwan farmers and fishermen) have made" and that if they could not be resolved in an overall manner, they should be dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the Kuomintang's visit to the mainland mentioned in person the daily disturbance of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and warships, the agricultural and fishing problems in a few counties and cities in Taiwan, or whether the Central News Agency reporter asked such questions.
French trade unions mobilize again for anti-government pension reform march
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions renewed their national mobilization against the government's proposed pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their views.
This is the fourth day of action in this social movement against the government's proposed reform of the pension system.
And how many people respond to the rally call could affect the union group's next course of action.
This is the fourth time in a month that France's eight major trade union groups have come together to launch a national mobilization, and the first time that the protest has been scheduled for a Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a public holiday for most French people, who do not have to choose between taking part in a protest or a strike over pay, trade union groups are hoping that today's rally will attract more people.
The unions of the public transport system Metro and the public railway company did not call for a strike today. The public transport system should be able to operate normally, people can travel to the meeting place by car, and people can start their holidays normally in areas where schools are starting their winter holidays.
Trade union groups expect more than a million people to attend the rally today, while police expect between 600,000 and 800,000 nationwide and between 90,000 and 120,000 in the Paris metropolitan area.
Since the start of the protests against the government's pension reform plan, the number of people actually taking to the streets has dwindled, although polls show that a majority of French people do not support measures to push back the mandatory retirement age from the current 62 to 64.
The first strike on 31 January gathered between 1.27 million and 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of demonstrators on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million nationwide.
This pension reform is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially those led by the Radical Left, submitted numerous amendments, so that the review process moved very slowly.
And the debate between the opposition and the government has become increasingly fierce and sharp.
A lawmaker from the radical left-wing France Unbowed party has sent a picture on social media of himself stepping on a balloon bearing the head of the labour minister, sparking protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly eventually imposed a 15-day ban on the member ' s participation in parliamentary activities as punishment for such conduct.
So far, the government has not made any major concessions, although it has made minor adjustments to the draft, which has triggered the biggest social upheaval in France in more than 20 years.
Trade unions are already preparing to take action again next Thursday, the 16th, and are also planning to organize demonstrations when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion on March 7.
China encourages high fertility to universities to promote sperm donation high quality standards
China's Yunnan Province Human Sperm Bank issued a publicity on the 9th, soliciting college degree or above or school students to donate sperm, 8 to 12 successful donations can receive a subsidy of 4,500 yuan.
According to Taiwan media reports today, the message hit Weibo on the same day, and triggered follow-up initiatives in many provinces and cities, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
China encourages college students to donate sperm, according to an op-ed in the Free Times.
Among them, Beijing has the highest threshold for sperm donation. In addition to academic qualifications, it also requires a height of more than 170 cm, good facial features, no obvious hair loss, and myopia not higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Human Sperm Bank noted that sperm donors can receive a full set of andrological medical examinations worth 1,000 yuan, "especially semen and chromosome tests, which most people have never done and are of great significance to understanding their fertility status."
Sperm donor conditions include, height of 165 cm or above, college degree or above or studying, no color blindness color weakness, hepatitis B and other genetic diseases and infectious diseases.
The report quoted China's Tianmu News as saying that the Human Sperm Bank of Shaanxi Province printed a poster with the slogan "Paid Sperm Donation, Unlimited Glory", calling on young people to respond to sperm donation and encouraging netizens to forward relevant messages and "let love pass on".
The price in Shaanxi Province is higher than in Yunnan, and those who qualify can receive 300 yuan in cash each time, and those who complete a certain number of sperm donors can receive a subsidy of 5,000 yuan.
The highest known price is Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
East Germany's last Communist prime minister dies today
"Last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95," the successor to the East German Communist Party reported in a statement.
As a result, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall, which had separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democracy.
At the time, Communist leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
When Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in the Soviet Union, he called for changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe as well.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
As a result of the election results, he ceased to be Prime Minister.
Despite Modrow's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reshape, rather than abolish, the secret police.
In 1993, Modrow was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but did not go to prison.
The allegations have been described as politically motivated.
Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament from 1990 to 1994 and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modrow saw himself as a reformer and wanted to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said its achievements should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader in the youth fire brigade and, towards the end of the conflict, became a member of the Volkssturm, a Nazi militia that recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 to take part in the final struggle of the war.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he attended anti-fascist courses and became a staunch Communist.
Returning home in 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he found work as a machinist and went on to study social sciences and economics, earning a doctorate.
Modrow was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement, which almost all young East Germans joined, and rose through the ranks of the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) to become chairman of the Dresden Regional Party between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the East German parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany, holding the highest state office.
Iran marks anniversary of revolution, pro-protest hackers hack presidential TV address
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of its revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Ebrahim Raisi.
The president's televised address was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute when the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers, known as "Edalat Ali (Justice for Ali)", appeared on the screen.
A voice was also heard shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
Iran marked the anniversary of its revolution with hackers disrupting state television coverage, Reuters reported today.
As Iranian officials mark the 44th anniversary of the revolution, Raisi's hard-line government faces its boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Raisi still calls on the "deluded youth" to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Nationwide protests are still raging in Iran following the death of 22-year-old Amini Mahsa Amini in the custody of the country's morality police in September.
Iranian security forces have launched a deadly crackdown on the protests, one of the most powerful challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since a 1979 revolution toppled the 2,500-year-old monarchy.
Iranian authorities on Friday released jailed dissident Farhad Messami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha, who were on hunger strike, as part of an amnesty to mark the anniversary of the revolution.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty that included some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
Human rights group HRANA reported that 528 protesters had been killed as of Friday, including 71 minors.
It was reported that 70 government security personnel were also killed.
As many as 19,763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests as well as support for the government.
On Friday night, the anniversary of the Iranian revolution, state media showed fireworks as part of government-sponsored celebrations, with people chanting "Allahu Akbar!
(God is the greatest!)."
However, many people at the rally could also be heard shouting "Death to the dictator!
"Death of the Islamic Republic" in a video posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live footage of official rallies in states across the country.
In Tehran, home-made anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed as part of official celebrations.
President Lacey's speeches were frequently interrupted by chants of "Death to America" - a signature slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted "Death to Israel."
Reuters said Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, was one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on national security charges.
They later placed her under house arrest, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah has denied the allegations.
And a week before Mesami's release, supporters warned that he was at risk of death because of his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the mandatory wearing of a headscarf.
In response to Adelkhah's release on Friday, the French Foreign Ministry called for her freedom to be restored, "including that she should be allowed to return to France if she wishes."
”
The balloon incident shines a brighter light on America's eyes?
Tightening restrictions on technology exports to China
The Wall Street Journal reported today that the United States is ready to further tighten technology exports to China after the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials say the balloon incident highlights the national security threat posed by China and will garner more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protection.
The U.S. said the balloon carried antennas and sensors used for intelligence gathering and communications.
That's according to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank.
"This certainly adds fuel to the fire and supports the views of hardliners on China," he said.
White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters Thursday, "We will also consider broader actions to expose and respond to China's larger surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and to our allies and partners."
U.S. officials said they had informed more than 30 governments about the balloon incident and that international coordination was essential to counter the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the Biden administration's actions, the new Select Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party in the U.S. House of Representatives could also pressure the United States to take tougher measures to slow China's development.
She said members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn could force the White House to adopt tougher policies.
Many advocates of tighter export controls are also pushing to expand them to include industries such as artificial intelligence, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The U.S. government is also already working on a foreign investment review program to examine U.S. investments abroad for potential national security threats from China.
Analysts said the White House could face calls to roll out the program more quickly.
Turkey-Syria earthquake relief round the clock
Since a powerful earthquake struck Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working around the clock to free survivors trapped under the rubble of thousands of destroyed buildings.
In freezing temperatures, they often call for silence as they struggle to hear any sounds of life from the crumbling piles of concrete.
Two more women have been rescued after surviving for days in the rubble of the earthquake, Reuters reported today.
However, the death toll from the earthquake climbed to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey stands at 20,665 and in Syria at more than 3,500.
Monday's 7.8-magnitude earthquake, which continued with several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, was the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing Japan's 2011 earthquake and tsunami and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similar powerful earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Rescuers have pulled two women from the rubble of collapsed buildings in Turkey after they were trapped for 122 hours following the region's deadliest earthquake in 20 years, authorities said Saturday.
Another injured 55-year-old man, identified as Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, Turkey's largest city in the southeast.
In freezing temperatures, rescuers often called for silence as they struggled to hear any sounds of life from the crumbling piles of concrete.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs and whispered "Inshallah" - "God bless" - as they carefully reached into the rubble to rescue a 10-day-old newborn.
With his eyes wide open, baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video images showed first responders also taking away his mother, who was dazed and pale but conscious on a stretcher.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been pulled from the rubble in the past 24 hours, with 31,000 rescuers deployed in the affected areas.
He said about 80,000 people were being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people left homeless by the quake were crammed into temporary shelters.
With many people suffering from a lack of food in freezing winter conditions, the population is increasingly questioning the response of the leaders of the two countries to the disaster.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad went to a hospital in Aleppo with his wife Asma, according to Syrian state media, reportedly his first trip to the affected area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said it was running out of stocks in rebel-held northwestern Syria as the state of war complicated relief efforts.
On Friday, Erdoğan visited Turkey's Adıyaman province, where he acknowledged that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdoğan, who will run for re-election in a May 14 vote that could be delayed by disaster.
Anger over delays in delivering aid and starting relief efforts could affect the election, according to Reuters.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdoğan's two decades in power.
Erdoğan called for unity and condemned what he called a "negative campaign for political gain."
The leader of Turkey's main opposition party, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, criticized the government's response.
"The earthquake was big, but more serious than the earthquake was the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence," the criticism said.
”
Hanoi, February 11 (VNA) - During his visit to Brunei Darussalam, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trinh and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD) on the morning of February 11.
The University of Brunei is the largest centre of higher education and scientific research in Brunei and ranks third in the regional university rankings.
Brunei University is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
The University of Brunei officially established a partnership with FPT University in Vietnam in July 2013, with the main area of cooperation being English language training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, Moral Education, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei also includes Vietnamese in its curriculum.
During his visit to the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung and his wife had an exchange with Vietnamese language students.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung is pleased that more and more foreigners are interested in learning Vietnamese, thus making a positive contribution to promoting the image of Vietnamese culture and customs to the rest of the world.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching staff at Brunei University will become stronger and stronger, and that the students in the Vietnamese language classes will become more and more interested in Vietnamese, study hard, become fluent in Vietnamese at an early date, and become ambassadors of friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also took the opportunity to communicate via video with Vietnamese students who are studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang to learn about their studies, especially during the pandemic.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trinh believes that the partnership between FPT University of Vietnam and the University of Brunei, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the educational partnership between Vietnam and Brunei.
At the same time, we hope that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and China.
During his discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leadership of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung spoke highly of the achievements in educational cooperation between the two countries, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, as well as the initiative of the University of Brunei to include Vietnamese in its curriculum.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh hoped that the University of Brunei would continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expanding the size of Vietnamese language classes.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trinh also spoke highly of the positive results of cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014, and recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out short-term exchange training programmes such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung highly appreciated the establishment of the first branch of the University of Brunei in Vietnam in Southeast Asia; believed that the University was growing stronger in the region and the world; and further expanded cooperation with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.
On this occasion, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife planted a memorial tree on the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message in the memorial book.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung wished the University of Brunei to continue to develop, contribute more and more to the cause of education in Brunei, and develop deeper and broader cooperation with educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(concluded)
VNA
Hanoi - Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Trinh and his wife's official visits to Singapore and Brunei have been a complete success, with comprehensive, practical and concrete results, a special correspondent of VNA reported.
During his three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh participated in more than 30 different activities.
The results achieved have injected new impetus into the development of the Vietnam-Singapore strategic partnership and the Vietnam-Singapore comprehensive partnership in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trinh continued to reaffirm the external line of the Vietnamese Party and State, which is independence, pluralism and change, and willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is a demand of their respective countries, which are committed to enhancing the well-being of their peoples and to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At the various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through the exchange of visits by high-level delegations, the effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on the Green and Digital Economy Partnership signed with Singapore and the Action Plan on Strengthening the Vietnam-Vietnam Comprehensive Partnership for the Period 2023-2027 signed with Brunei are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Photo from VNA
During his meetings with business leaders, seminars and economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung stressed that Vietnam welcomes and facilitates the expansion of investment by Singaporean and Bruneian companies in Vietnam in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity.
The visit will not only help deepen Vietnam's cooperation with Singapore and Brunei in traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also create a framework for cooperation in new potential areas such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
Brunei's King Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh prepare to enter into a bilateral discussion.
Photo from VNA
During his visits to both countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung made time to visit and listen to the thoughts and aspirations of the Vietnamese expatriate community.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung advised the authorities of both countries to pay more attention and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society and cultivate bilateral relations.
The proposal was agreed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community, and agreed to maintain solidarity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance the central role of ASEAN in the complex and changing regional and international situation.
Based on the important results achieved, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung's official visit to Singapore and Brunei made positive contributions to the effective implementation of the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam (CPC) to strengthen relations with ASEAN neighbors as a priority external route, the effective implementation of the Politburo's Conclusion No. 12 (12-KL/TW) on overseas Vietnamese affairs under the new circumstances, and the development of the unity of the whole nation.
(concluded)
What exactly was the "object" shot down over Alaska?
Confusion and speculation abound
The U.S. military used its most advanced stealth jet fighter, the F-22, to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska on Friday afternoon.
The site of the downing was ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
It was the second time in less than a week that U.S. forces had shot down an aerial object.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was destroyed near the South Carolina coast after drifting in U.S. airspace for several days.
The Pentagon said the second downed object entered U.S. airspace for the first time Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeastern Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet). It was about the size of a small car and much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes there is currently no indication that the object is manoeuvrable.
John Kirby, strategic communications coordinator for the White House National Security Council, said Friday that while the specific appearance of the object flying at high altitude is unclear, it "poses a legitimate threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
Mr Bryant said the object, unlike the spy balloon found in the US, did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
"We call it an 'object' is the best description we can give at the moment, " Bryant said.
President Joe Biden listened to the Pentagon's advice before ordering the downing of the object, and he was "very cautious" in making that decision, Bryant added.
The official U.S. description of the object can be roughly summarized as: the size of a car, no joystick, no suspension, flying at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But the information still doesn't answer basic questions, such as what exactly the object is, what country it belongs to, and what mission it's performing.
At present, many online analysis and speculation that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It may have come from China, as did the spy balloon that invaded American airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, on a mission of some kind in a different location.
Others have linked the "object" in Alaska to a "unidentified flying object" (UFO).
"I wish this 'UFO' was also a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO," former U.S. Rep. Peter Meijer tweeted Friday, according to Newsweek.
"The irony of conflating an alien spaceship with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth sparking an interstellar conflict," Meijer said.
Meijer sent the tweet shortly after Bryant confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said Meijer was not alone in suspecting the object was a UFO.
Representative Tim Burchett, Republican of Tennessee, criticized the government's cover-up last month and asked the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on "UFOs."
Amazon's customer service attitude is hard for me to believe
I think very few people have seen this, but I'm going to say a little bit about it.
It was a zip-up hoodie when we bought it, and it ended up being a short-sleeved one.
After receiving the clothes immediately contacted Amazon customer service, when it was confirmed that the clothes are still in stock, I asked for a replacement, customer service said to solve it, and then immediately saw the product name changed to short sleeves, the original link I bought off the shelf.
Then the customer service notice either keep the goods to compensate for a certain amount, or return the goods.
So this is how Amazon handles it?
Really unbelievable, the wrong clothes itself is not my problem, as a consumer I asked for what I should get the goods, did not put forward what is very exaggerated requirements, Amazon changed the name, said out of stock.
This is my first long review and hopefully it won't be my last.
Incomprehensible sleeves
Said to be cowhide, it is indeed relatively hard, but if you look closely, there are a lot of small cracks in the area, it is not clear whether it is genuine leather, in addition to the sleeves of this dress is really incomprehensible, usually jacket sleeves longer than the hem, but usually 1-2 cm, this dress is a full 5 cm, the arm should naturally droop in the palm of the tiger mouth position, but the sleeves of this dress are over the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes and easy to return them.
But I don't know when I'll get my money back?
Clothes workmanship is good, because the fit is small, had to return, but after returning the goods, so far more than a week has passed, have not received a refund?
And to the purchaser himself and that integrity is not good all peak express contact, this is since the purchase of Amazon items since the worst shopping!
But the store is good, actively cooperate with the courier to urge a timely refund, but the full peak of the courier is really doing the work is quite infuriating, procrastinating half a month or so before the refund, this kind of partner is to drag Amazon's legs, poor work efficiency, no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
99 seconds to kill.
The workmanship, color and feel of the woolen pants are good, soft/thin and medium, no kerosene smell.
Unfortunately, the version belongs to the thin type, more suitable for young people.
3XL, flat waist 2'5, stretch max size 4', 1.79/80kg is a bit tight on the waist.
There seems to be no elastic band around the waist, trying to loosen the waistline is quite difficult.
Also, close-fitting is uncomfortable.
Very good The color is not very bright
Just bought it up more than two hundred, what's the situation.
The first time Amazon used the cooperation of the daily rotten courier, the first delivery was not at home, and then took the initiative and the courier about two delivery times, the courier did not deliver, and then returned the goods directly to me, the damn courier has no integrity, it is strongly recommended not to use the daily rotten courier.
This time there is a T-shirt also returned to me, and the price of the shoot also increased by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon self-employed should not appear such goods
When the product is on sale to buy, the price is not low, read the reviews are also very good products.
I was flabbergasted when I actually received the product, the surface of the product is worn in a large area, many other places are worn, either defective or old, later on the picture.
I applied for a return, the manufacturer's people saw the picture and said it was caused by transportation, this is not nonsense?
How can the inside of the goods be worn?
There are only two possibilities. Either it's defective or I damaged it on purpose and returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence that I did not damage the goods, but in terms of my credit history in Amazon shopping, I think such goods should not appear in Amazon self-service goods, customers choose Amazon self-service is trust, customer win, we win, the victory of the customer is the victory of the manufacturer, I hope we work together to improve, thank you.
I've been using the product for less than a year and two E2s have appeared. I don't know what to do with them?
I bought the product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016 the receiver on the right two groups often appear red E2, should be a problem with the transmitter module, which is not consistent with the Amazon website said the transmitter module can work for 7 years, and can not find after-sales on the Amazon website, now I do not know what to do?
It's all right
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn and the label on the fuselage was broken.
And there's always a white screen.
It's all right after the change.
Replacement is very fast, a little blurry at night, the viewing angle is not very wide, but the average household enough.
The shortcoming is that there is no card, I bought it myself, and I bought the phone on Amazon before.
There will be a sticker on the package to prevent the package from being opened, not this time, when you buy the phone there is a sticker-like seal that can be affixed to the warranty card, not this time.
I don't know if things are cheap there is no, very confused.
Waiting for a response from the supplier
Packaging does not have any markings, directly to the supplier called to say, the answer is not marked is genuine, such as doubt can be used scraps mailed to Johnson & Johnson company inspection, but also left the license plate number and phone number, promised to send a text message notice to enter my information into the Johnson & Johnson official website warranty card, so far did not receive a text message ah?
The oil was received in the morning and changed in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own goods are still very reassuring.
The master who changed the oil said that the oil was clear and bright, and that it was indeed good oil.
Because it's the second purchase.
So it's still very reassuring.
Express speed, packaging is not fussy, with this oil, the engine sound significantly reduced.
Good value for money, it's hard to find synthetic oil under 200.
Support the star crown, support the winning card, effective protection of the car.
Amazon Japan's customer service problems caused serious damage to buyers (8c caterpillars shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
Admitted the mistake, but has been prevaricating, always stressed that the goods are a third party, can not bind a third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
I originally purchased the page size options for 7c, 8, 9c, at that time I thought it was a trap, called Nichia Chinese customer service, clearly told 8 is 8c, but when the goods back to China only found that only 8cm, I think this is completely a deliberate trap to pit the Chinese (according to Amazon after-sales), now view the page has no such option.
Chinese customer service: I'm sorry to bring you losses, we give you two ways to go:
1, you return the goods, the buyer bears all shipping costs.
2, you do not return the goods, we compensate you 1000 yen.
(I calculate the account, shoes more than 4,000 yen, counted as 200rmb, option 1, I have no shoes, the loss is 200 yuan.)
Option 2, I have shoes, finally compensated me 2000 yen, the final loss in 150rmb Customer service: We have recorded, we will deal with it seriously, the next day returned an email, said I do not accept the Chinese customer service mediation, and that's it.
I put forward: the purchase page for 7c, 8, 9c such a confusing option, the Chinese customer service helped me to say that the Japanese common code is not with c such, similar to 140 such, but did you specifically go to other caterpillar pages to see?
There are U.S. code, Japanese code mixed standard situation.
Besides, why do you put 8cm between 7c and 9c, clearly the smallest size, what do you mean by putting it there?
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese service, but we don't know you want to ship back home, so we won't pay for your shipping costs.
I don't understand this logic, I'm Japanese, I also want Chinese customer service, living in Japan in China also do not need Chinese customer service, to Japanese tourists, do not have that kung fu to make international calls, then the problem comes, what people need to call Amazon overseas to buy Chinese phone, nothing more than like me.
Amazon Chinese customer service is not convenient for us Haitao these people?
Not very satisfied with this purchase
This is the second time to buy Pampers diapers from Amazon, once in the baby 2 months when I bought a box, chose European imported paper diapers, the first purchase experience is more satisfactory, the baby all night with a diaper, can indeed meet 12 hours without changing the diaper.
But this time to buy L-size diapers, there are 2 packs of separate packaging in a box, after opening the paper is relatively loose, and imported Pampers has a clear difference, to the baby after use, it is OK, there is no leakage and no red rash and other signs.
But by the second pack of diapers, after the start of the baby's inner thighs immediately appeared a red rash, which has not faded.
Doubt 1 box of 2 packs, the quality is not the same ah.
Later should not continue to buy!
want to pay attention to the transport protection of parcels
This is my online shopping for so long, I saw the worst packaging transport, there is no protection, cushioning foam, package cushioning material, etc., nothing.
Just a deformed box.
And the inside of the soft plastic box packaging, the card box are pressed open to deformation.
Hope is genuine quality is guaranteed, after is not how dare Amazon to buy things.
I'd rather be half as expensive at home, with guaranteed points.
And the problem of commodity product packaging, I read the comments in 2016 someone commented, to now 19 years, or the same.
Shows that Amazon simply does not pay attention to service feedback this piece, and the domestic JD, Tmall and so on too far.
Good-looking, but a little sad
The color of the whole cup is my favorite, orange, although my family is a male treasure, but I still think orange with yellow is very bright.
It's smaller than I thought, but it's meant to be taken out of the house, so it's acceptable.
Last night, I took it home and tried it. After the cap was pushed off, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close, because the position of the straw was positive and vertical, so my son always had to hold the bulge above the cap to drink water.
It seems that other brands of straw cups to make the straw tilt or make sense, children's things, really care about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large capacity
I like that it's light and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments are a bit redundant for me, and I don't know what to pack.
After buying found that the overseas purchase of the United States and Asia there is another brand very similar, only less than two hundred dollars.
Fake, fake is especially bad
Amazon sells fakes, and so do I.
Customer service said it couldn't be returned because it was used, and I didn't know it was a fake.
Because of trust, so sad, after all, is to wipe the face of the supplies, really go to the physical store to buy it, recognition a little more expensive.
Because it is a second kill, so did not read the comments, I have submitted to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce e-commerce platform, let's protect rights together.
Is it bad?
A fake?
Tragic in a word.
With the second piece when the selection of pores fine, but as soon as it opened a strange smell, thought it was normal, because I did not use this, and then to the face when the whole can not stand, very flush taste, indescribable, smoked to immediately cough out, eyes are also very painful, tears, immediately picked to wash the face.
Do not believe in evil and opened a piece of the same paragraph, not so heavy taste, is now dressing.
It's kind of like the smell of a bad perm in a hair salon.
I can't imagine that Amazon's own skincare products will have to be shunned from now on?
The profiteers
At the time of purchase, the activity page is said to be full of 99 yuan to give away "Three Body Collection", received the goods did not have this gift, call customer service said to show them the screenshot of the activity at that time, the problem is who buys things and save the screenshot ah, you have done your own activities, but also need customers to help you provide ah, you buyers should pay attention next time, save the evidence.
Feelings after use
The first time to buy something on Amazon, respectively feel a few points, first of all, the feeling of running out of goods, the first is really painless, there is no irritating taste of things, overall very good, wait 8 minutes or so a wipe off, but there will be a small amount of sweat dregs on it, do not look closely is not visible, so overall is good, as after all use once to continue to observe, continue to use will know.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
The second order from the 27th, received the goods on the 12th, a total of 15 days or half a month, Amazon's delivery service attitude is also very good.
Third, don't believe what Amazon's Black Friday, order on Friday, wait 2 days on the cheap close to 12 yuan, that is, I bought more than 170 (plus shipping costs and what), there is a sense of activity on the price.
Customer service said that the price fluctuations, I paid attention to more than 10 days the price is the same, fluctuations are not big.
Affordable, Japanese origin, with Chinese label, with granules, absolutely buy back!
Paste with granules, refreshing feeling just right, after using the teeth smooth, than a second-hand Dong strong too much, where it is said to be imported things, but a lot of things do not have Chinese labels, I do not know where wholesale.
After as long as Amazon has, never go to the second-hand East.
To give a suggestion, Amazon's app on how to bask sometimes can not bask, I hope to improve some applications, will do better and better!
Excellent over the years, getting worse and worse, no quality of service at all!
Garbage excellence does not take into account the needs of customers Special delivery time 19:00-22:00 when placing an order.
Because there are inconvenient old people in bed after surgery at home, so only at night can be convenient to receive.
As a result, it was delivered directly to the door at 12 noon, without prior telephone notification.
If the delivery time is your courier's whim to deliver at any time, why pretend to make a time for customers to choose?
If their own logistics can not guarantee the service, then simply do not do electricity supplier!
Let an old man with 3 wounds get out of bed and open the door to receive the courier and change to pay!
There's a contact number on the order!
From the beginning to the end there is no one to call to give an explanation!
Excellent network so-called complaint customer service is a bunch of outsiders there to pretend, perfunctory your complaint and then give you a so-called reply.
There will be no change or compensation!
Before also encountered such a similar delivery time is not the right problem to bear, but this time can not bear, too much!
New book to buy pre-sale after the arrival of the cover and back cover is reversed, so obviously the quality of the problem so close your eyes to the book to the customer?
Leave a bad review and no one will contact you.
Excellent over the years, getting worse and worse, no quality of service at all!
Not a dime will be spent on excellence.
The picture quality is really unacceptable
As a title such as "Ancient Atlas", the selection, layout, and printing of the pictures in this book are unacceptable, and some of the pictures even have mosaics that are blurred beyond recognition.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small-format illustration, it should be worthy of the catalog of the ancestors left behind the ocean of ancient documents!
What's the difference between using such images to put together a book and not using them at all (and many of the images are available as clear source files from relevant industry sources)?
I regret such a spirit of learning.
The text is not evaluated, the Fang family has its own distinction.
Overall 2 stars.
I read this book when I was a sophomore in high school, I was just bored to see the mentality of play, I felt that such a book should not be addicted to it, after all, the starting point of the net text in the past is not very attractive to me.
And then... it fell into the pit.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively light-hearted, the first part of Ye Xiu is still in the online game, even the intrigue between the guild, but also because often by Ye Shen dog blood, not heavy at all.
As for the part about the game, I wrote a little poignant (maybe I'm sentimental) about the changing times and the alternation between the old and the new.
Reading the whole book took me a lot of study time in my sophomore year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.
Full-time description of the characters and emotional line is very amazing, some characters are only occasionally brought, will also leave a deep impact on people, such as the more focused character Ye Xiuhuang Shaotian Su Mu orange have a large number of fans, and not in the writing center of the characters such as Jiang Botao Chu Yunxiu and so on are also very likeable, in an e-sports cool text actually let people can not find a person who is extremely annoying, this is full-time in the character description of the success.
And on the emotional line, full-time does not have the general network article is criticized by the harem beauty 30 million either beautiful or rotten problem, the full text of all people's feelings, there is a common place is that they like the glory of the game, and most want a dignified victory.
There is a small measure but no big plot, everyone looks so simple and lovely.
That's probably why there's no such thing as an obnoxious role full-time.
Full-time IP is big, and thanks to that.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online writing, Full Time is a good book.
How much he really will provide people with some warm blood, a little bit moved.
Full-time animation in April this year.
In fact, I want to buy this set of books for a long time, hindered by never having a thick enough wallet did not start hard, and then when I want to buy it, I found that it is simply rampant fakes on tb, in fact, full-time recently came out with another version, cover art bar I like it, but I still plan to buy the old version first, so I looked at it on Amazon and bought a set at one time.
Next, a brief description of the goods.
● The plastic cover of the fourth book is not available, but the book is new.
● The seventeenth plastic cover is in but was opened, the texture of the book is also very strange feeling no other hard.
The 23rd book is the same as the 17th book, but it is also harder than the 17th book, but it is very old.
● The publishers of the individual books are different, as if #23 and #17 were the same publisher and different from the others.
● On the whole, it is satisfactory, 24 books is a big box, very satisfied.
Lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as The Lost Dime, but it turned out to be a lot of text!
It took three readings to finish the book for the children, a little lion who can shoot, a little lion who loves to eat fudge.
When I saw the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urbanites can't accept the arrangement of being eaten by animals.
Seeing that in the end, this little lion, who has succeeded in human society, has lost himself, he is not a complete lion, nor is he a complete man.
In the end, there was only the back of the little lion, not knowing where he had gone.
Perhaps many years later, the image of the little lion will remain in the impression of the grown-up child, inadvertently remembered one day, perhaps she will be touched or inspired.
A very good value for money portfolio
1, did not know TASCHEN before, recently bought a lot of their books, the reason is too strong, whether it is the choice of topics or the production itself.
There have been three editions of the work, the largest of which, like the complete works of Michelangelo, is nearly 50cm long and 34cm wide; the middle edition is about 36cm long and 23cm wide; and this edition is the smallest, with two volumes in a bookcase.
Personally, I think it is acceptable, first, the price is cheap, and more than 700 pages divided into two books, as a paperback is also better to read; second, unlike Michelangelo's complete works, the paintings occupy the main body, Leonardo da Vinci's black-and-white manuscript accounts for the majority, for the limited budget, non-art professional readers, this edition as an appreciation of paintings and manuscripts is the best value for money.
2, the painting part of the explanation is very good, there is composition analysis, draft analysis and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I do not know whether it is the printing or the size of the book, some of the shadows are too deep, can not see the details, a bit of a pity.
In contrast to Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer.
The former is already a genius, the latter dabbles in a wide range of achievements, not enough to be described as a genius.
If you could only see half of Leonardo da Vinci's paintings before, you would be completely speechless after reading the manuscript.
Rubbish, who buys who regrets!
Never give a bad review, this sincere garbage, bought a waste of money God horse, give a reason!
It's not the right time to go, suddenly it's January 1st and the time is zero.
2. Poor quality belts, not silicone, with wrist allergy blisters.
3. I often can't connect to my mobile phone.
The battery life is only five days.
5.Sleep detection does not show, the time is 0.
6 is not waterproof.
7 for others.
The logistics are too slow
Showed October 16 to, the result was received on the 21st, bad review!
The delivery is too bad, buying on Amazon is already slow, I didn't expect it to be so slow!
The overall satisfaction
Before the beginning also worried about the packaging of the camera, this time is good, there is an inflatable bag, the camera three codes consistent, can also be registered on the official website, the number of shutter 0, the rest can only wait for the time test.
The delivery speed is quite fast, here to spit out the courier brother, valuable items are placed in the porter, go fast, I can not open the box in front of him to test, on this point is really speechless.
The merchant did it for the sake of the customer before shipping:)
Businesses are more responsible, specifically called to ask the screen size of the camera used, really for the sake of customers.
The delivery is also fast.
Diamond film affixed to it is also quite suitable and useful.
Unsatisfied with battery charge
The machine is really good, want to ask how to charge the first time since the charge is not satisfied ah, the charging indicator light has been red
Currently can not find the official Amazon feedback channel, so can only feedback in the product review
1. On March 29th, the book was purchased for $31 through pre-order, indicating that it would be pushed to devices on March 31st, at which point the book could not be previewed on Amazon's website (because it had not yet been released);
2. March 31 pushed to the device of the book, the content is blank, only please look forward to, and Amazon on the electronic version of the book price reduced to 18 yuan;
3. Over the past two days, repeated attempts to delete the downloaded blank book on the device and sync it again have failed to obtain the electronic version of The Nature of Business, which contains the actual content, but it has been possible to preview the book on Amazon.com.
At the moment I have a few thoughts
1. The issue of price is not the most important, the key is now how to replace the blank book on the kindle with a book with actual content, rather than forever download is "stay tuned"
2 pre-ordered books should not be bought again, after all, in case of ticket skipping, and then download an empty content of the book, the procedure looks very complicated;
3 hope that Amazon can give a normal channel for feedback on such issues, when the e-book download, or use of questions can have a place to feedback (tickets, online customer service can be, you can refer to the official Microsoft store is how to do)
Not very recommended reading
Read a long time ago, happened to see the memory to write a little after reading it.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments of life about love.
The tone of the book is extremely flat, is the same kind of plain water, the words and sentences to the pursuit of simplicity to the extreme, the plot is like a summer afternoon on the street, silent and flat.
Each short story is a snapshot of a small period of time in an ordinary life, with no beginning and no end.
It was eventually collected together under the title What We Talk About When We Talk About Love.
I think, this novel collection, as well as its title, is like a kind of performance art, the author wants to express that love is not only the stage of joy and sorrow, urban legends of the sea dry and rotten, not only you and I Nong Nong like glue, love is more than the above and should not be represented by the above, love is also as plain as water life, boring day after day, there is no clue to life, the reality of the escape, the future of the daze.
As you read this book, your mind may recall the quarreling couples around you, the dull marriages of people you know, and unsatisfactory relationships.
That's why I don't recommend reading it. Aesthetically, the writing and plot are tasteless, and unless your life is stormy or as sweet as living in a candy castle, you'll have to read it with a sense of wonder and boredom.
In terms of intellectual depth, the everyday plots do not illuminate or expand one's thinking or vision (unlike Márquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the brief episodes do not explore any questions, such as what kind of mistakes lead to the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the main character's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book. It doesn't make much sense to read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed more through technique and genre than storyline, which is why the book is a poor reading experience.
Suitable for coarse reading, not close reading.
The logic of the book is good, but the content is not full.
Explains a lot of the what and why of sales theory, but is weak on how to do it, pointing the way but not giving specific practices.
Also, the book feels like a patchwork.
Examples are both domestic and foreign; both well-known entrepreneurs or salesmen and unknown people.
I don't know if it's a story compiled for the sake of example, but it would be more convincing if some of the author's own cases were cited.
Vary in the appellation of customer or client.
It's still a customer in the title, and it becomes a customer in the body.
There were also typos, missing punctuation and wrong numbering in the e-book.
All in all, this book is a good choice as a theoretical introduction, but not for people who are already in sales and want to improve their sales.
A quick guide to understanding Internet finance
This book is very shallow, can be said to be just an introductory course, can help you quickly understand the overall picture of Internet finance, but to understand in depth, or to follow the map, their own to dig deep.
And the book was written earlier, later Alipay WeChat by subsidy war to cultivate user habits of the content has not been mentioned, today's third-party payment share is not the book said that the proportion is so small.
Now a lot of people go out to eat with a mobile phone, businesses also because the bank flow is too high reasons, abandoned UnionPay.
But I am very grateful to the author for writing this primer. I can see that the author has at least many years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so he can write such easy-to-understand content.
It's easy to write high in the sky, but it's hard to write easy to understand.
Appreciate you, more want you to know!
The number one factor in determining a person's job satisfaction is not the salary, but whether they are valued and appreciated enough at work.
According to Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs, after a person's basic survival needs are met, the most urgent is the satisfaction of psychological needs - the desire to be understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for Chinese people, most of the "love you in the heart" is difficult to open, even with love, gratitude and appreciation is silent in the heart will not say.
In this book, the author describes the five languages of appreciation: words of affirmation, thoughtful moments, acts of service, gratifying gifts, and physical touch.
I think what's important is not that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use them from the bottom of your heart anytime, anywhere, to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether it's family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the closer we are, the more we need to appreciate and be grateful, so that our lives will become better.
Learn to appreciate, enterprises can also retain talent to a certain extent, reduce the resignation rate.
Thank you to the translators for bringing us wonderful foreign ideas and the world.
Due to the Chinese and Western cultural background and other reasons, there will be more or less differences between the languages, if you have the opportunity to see the author's original version I believe it will be more rewarding.
Thanks again to the authors and translators as well as the editors for their hard work!
Suspected of counterfeit goods, please Amazon strict review
Super poor quality, baggy packaging, no weight, not even as good as roadside stall products, no gram weight, no bar code, ten bags of packaging is also baggy, completely not the characteristics of qualified products; is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, has applied for a return; completely belongs to the quality problem; it is recommended that businesses shine their eyes, refuse inferior goods; added: and bought a heart-to-heart, supermarket 23 yuan / 10 volumes, plus a few comparison photos, to further verify the inferiority of the product, in order to give consumers a clearer reference, to avoid economic losses and further upset!
Amazon is once again expected to be scrupulous and strict about the source of goods.
Sloppy product, and a gap in expectations
The advantages:
1.Big brand, cheap price.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are guaranteed by PANASONIC, and it is OK to use, but there is a gap with my expectations.
Disadvantages:
1 charging no indicator light, this is the most basic of your power instructions are saved, estimated to buy 300 yuan of products for customers, in the eyes of Panasonic PANASONIC, is also charity, no respect.
2.Strong odor When charging, even if only for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of burning plastic.
The office tried it for a day, and the whole house smelled of plastic.
Compared with the Philips PHILIPS of the same price I used before, although more than a cutter head, but Panasonic this product, the quality is really sorry for consumers.
The small package
Received the express a look at it said the e-commerce version know and fell into the pit, better than the supermarket to buy smaller, should be M, with the product introduction above the picture packaging is not the same, the so-called new version of it.
Three stars is to blame for their own sloppy did not see clearly the product specifications, you sell M code e-commerce version I have no opinion, you goods are not the right version is a few meanings?
E-commerce routine deep, there is time or go to the supermarket to buy.
Just sauce purple.
The taste doesn't like it
The child does not like the taste of toothpaste, every time said spicy, perhaps with other words to describe more appropriate, the child's vocabulary for the time being only this word.
Bought at the time of the event, very cheap, so sorry to give a bad review, four stars, but will not buy again.
Genuine yo Well packaged
The packaging is complete, with an inflatable bag inside, and there are no online reviews of what a bare product looks like.
There is also a layer of plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle as described in the picture, the delivery is also very fast, photographed the next day came.
It's genuine, but it's out of stock. I don't know when it'll be on the shelves again.
A bad shopping experience
Black five when the order, the result of waiting for a long time did not receive, after a query, the package has been signed for, asked around the colleagues said did not help sign for, quickly contact the courier company, but said to the sender in order to launch an inquiry, contacted Amazon customer service, and waited more than ten days, finally figured out that the courier was mistakenly sent to others, and several turnarounds to finally get back the courier, the outer packaging has been opened, the goods are still complete, do not know has been used, in short, very bad
Wrong mapping
I thought I was able to receive Figure 1 such a headset, but did not expect to receive Figure 2 such a headset, the picture is not consistent even if the headset left and right sound size is not the same what does it mean?
Although the name is the same, but I still hope you can pay careful attention, in addition to Amazon responsible for the timely replacement of the correct picture, thank you very much.
General operating system
With a period of time, the overall picture is OK, do not feel any difference, is that the system makes people look tangled, boot time is obviously a bit slow, can not be set up very well, and then the software is not to comment, the response speed is more general, and colleagues home compared to that is not an order of magnitude.
Look at the comments that very user-friendly design, I did not find where user-friendly, remote control this commonly used up and down around, the position of the return key design is really not flattering.
So, let's use it as a TV, plus a TV box or something.
The price cut is too steep
The price reduction is too strong, more than a hundred into now 99!
I accumulated a lot of unevaluated orders on Amazon, so I uniformly used a copy of the text as the content of the evaluation.
If I use this paragraph to evaluate, it means that this product is at least 85 points above.
And poor products, I will never be lazy to copy and paste reviews, so that other consumers will be used as a reference when buying, and businesses will improve the quality of goods as a result.
Low price good line, no fever on this enough!
Such a cheap line, but it should have reached the hdmi certification standard, personally compared to kill domestic Akihabara these bullshit things (the price is twice as expensive), the line is strong, but also relatively soft, 7 meters transmission without noise, after the low-cost line to identify Besi!
Things are OK, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other sites
After the order was found to be wrong, but the cancellation of the order has not been cancelled, the web page contact online customer service has been showing the wrong link, can not be contacted.
After the arrival of the delivery man called me, I said I do not want, want to cancel the order did not cancel successfully, the delivery man took it back, said first to me to sign on, let me apply for a return.
Apply for a return only to inform the food once signed for can not be returned, there is no way to call Amazon customer service, is the same statement, signed for can not be returned.
I used to buy in Jingdong and Suning policy can not be returned items, including milk, diapers, etc., contact customer service have been returned, and Jingdong diapers after opening the taste is too big contact customer service to return the same, to you Amazon can not.
Rules are dead, people are alive, contact your customer service, how to deal with it?
Tell me either I take it myself, or let the delivery man buy it himself, it's not easy for people to send a delivery man, why should I let people pay to buy something that is not their own purchase?
Okay, I won't refund it. I took it myself, but I have to give you a 1 for your service.
Advise everyone not to spend money in vain
First of all look forward to buying, think Dule brand should not be bad where to go, received after looking at the packaging feel OK, size is not bad, but there is a box is basically soft, the appearance is not visible, to feel, eat in the mouth completely tasteless, tasteless, bite open the pulp of a circle is dark yellow is bad kind, good or bad ginseng sold, can eat less than a third, advise you not to buy, not cheap, the quality is too bad!
Eat a cut and grow a wisdom, and never buy fruit in the electricity supplier again!
Where is the product security mark
The bottom corner of the bottle is badly dented, should have experienced a strong impact in order to cause, from the outer packaging bag, feel the degree of ravage people heart-wrenching, after all, is the food packaging is too simple, but also belongs to the international purchase, and did not see any obvious anti-counterfeiting logo, open the bottle is very easy, the key is a layer of honey inside the lid directly out of the inside, there is almost no adhesion of the opening, foreign products are like this?
Being born in China, I don't understand it.
It's supposed to be authentic, right?
There is also a shot when prompted to arrive on the 20th, this is the 14th received, I bought overseas for the first time here, just write down their doubts, perhaps this is normal?
Pick-up service needs to be improved
I bought a total of 5 pick-up coupons, in the pick-up, the first appointment to pick up 3 copies, the result was only sent 2 copies, after multiple communication to confirm that it is missing, promised to be reissued; the second appointment, just in time for the rest of the day, the website and WeChat did not prompt the need to make an appointment on a weekday, causing unnecessary panic, it is recommended to improve in the future.
Good shopping
Stuff praise!
Still more believe that Amazon self-employed things, now after the overseas purchase is very convenient, from abroad to buy back logistics time than the domestic also more than a few days, have to say that Amazon overseas purchase to the domestic customs clearance ability is still very strong, much faster than the transit, so now a lot of things are bought overseas to buy.
I hope the quality and price of domestic goods can be better, a lot of things are domestic, but go out and buy back cheaper than at home, I hope to improve.
Garbage
See such a package, try to ask everyone: do you think it is roadside garbage?
Is it responsible for a plastic fragile package to be sent from so-called Germany in a plastic bag?
I see such packaging is the same as garbage, the purchase of this product, packaging and its poor, without any measures to prevent damage, on a simple plastic bag packaging, to hand, the package is completely deformed, the items inside are also damaged.
If I just came across one of these, I recognized it, bought a few are like this, looking for Amazon customer service, customer service said it can be refunded, but the shipping costs advance, and then the shipping costs in the form of a gift card back to me.
I try to ask, I use cash to pay for shipping, you give me back the gift card, this is to buy your gift card on my own, but also to mail the product to the German warehouse, this is not to buy a product to suffer ah!
And I have been telling the customer service, who is responsible for such a problem, but the customer service does not say half of their responsibility, even half of the responsibility do not dare to assume, such after-sales service and what guarantee? In a word: recognition! But I estimate that I this evaluation, Amazon will not give the opportunity to publish, directly back to delete!
The quality is very good 5 stars, the logistics are poor
1, the quality is very good, kill, the price is moderate, value for money.
2, strong, sufficient material, strong solder joints, proper surface treatment, good color.
3, logistics is hard, 3 under the single, 11 to the.
4, if Amazon did not indicate that the estimated arrival time is February 7, I might be satisfied.
5, but marked the expected arrival time, it is equivalent to a promise to the user, when the promise can not be fulfilled, the user is very uncomfortable.
6. Don't make a commitment if you're not sure you can give it.
In fact, I care very much about the promises made by businesses.
8, so, I scored low.
The gold thread will fade
The effect is still there, but whether the feeling is obvious, depends on the individual, or psychological effect.
One thing is not very good, is the gold thread, originally designed to look good, but in fact, this gold thread will fade, put on the car, if you move a few times, hands, and the car, there will be some gold dust.
Hopefully the product can be improved.
This kind of square, there is no decorative effect, do not engage in gold wire, fall off in the car dirty car trouble.
Things are in good condition, the speed is OK, divided into 2 parcels and different packaging
8 days of speed is quite fast, but is 2 pieces divided into 2 packages, the packaging is not the same, obviously a shockproof too much, thick cardboard, sealed with a layer of plastic, the outer packaging is also easy to remove, a domestic express box-like, put a few cushion airbags even matter, feel a little perfunctory.
Arran mattresses are really good
34CM mattress is not generally thick, do not sleep directly on the mattress can be.
The quality is very good, whether it's the front or the back, it's very soft, it's very comfortable to sleep on and I fall asleep very quickly.
Mattress received because of the express violent transport there are some stains in two places, Yalan customer service is very responsible, very efficient contact to solve the problem.
Not self-employed goods, Amazon shameless
Page clearly marked self-employed, in fact, by the supplier distribution, after-sales by the supplier is responsible for the problem to contact the supplier.
Want to cancel the order, sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier, can not cancel; want to return the goods, in Amazon successfully applied for a return, sorry, no one to you, you need to contact the supplier to return the goods.
This Nima branch sells its own goods.
Goods are not Amazon delivery, after-sales Amazon does not bear, customer service even said "I help you contact the supplier", but also claimed to be self-employed, too shameless, naked shameless, naked fraud on consumers!
Depressing experience
Before in other online purchases of filter cartridges, filtration effect is good, after the end of 28 days and then use more than a day or two is also no limescale.
Due to the quality of things that have been purchased on Amazon can be, this time I want to buy on this side, the first time in Amazon to buy filter cartridges, feel not very good, not only early began to have limescale, and filter cartridges have been used until the 28th day, there will be suspended small black toner, really do not know whether to continue to use, or directly throw good, very depressed ~
Not as good as imagined
Compared with the plug-in board I have used in the past, the external workmanship in general, how the interior is not taken apart to see, I hope as described by the shop, from the point of view of ease of use, each independent unit is energized lack of display
The packaging is damaged, wait for time to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging damage is more serious, the box inside seems to be new, but the instructions do not seem to be new, only renovated in September, stocking, I hope it will not be bad, please Amazon explain why several customers mentioned the packaging damage, but you can be safe, thank you!
Overall good, a little problem
The first time to buy a water filter jug, read a few evaluation articles, felt that LAICA cost-effective to choose this, received the goods according to the instructions installed the filter cartridge, tried it, feel good overall, but when pouring water as if the raw water will be mixed with the treated water from the spout (the original water tank seal is not too tight).
Be sure to wait for all the water to be filtered before pouring it out!
The picture is incomplete
The picture does not capture the details of the side, the details of the side and the main body style is not consistent, there is a big difference, this is one; this bead is made in Thailand, there is no indication of origin, this is the second; there is no indication of texture, this is the third; when I bought in the UK, clearly each has a box, there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product logo on the beads, where I can judge whether it is true or false.
Be careful what you buy, especially what comes out of Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service sucks
Order placed two days ago, received today found a drop of 40 yuan, spent a lot of time to find customer service, customer service said can not make up the difference, you can rebuy and return.
This kind of customer experience and service is 10,000 times worse than a certain treasure.
Okay, as a beginner, it's worth starting
The quality is passable, and the best King Kong is not comparable, before I saw the price of the mall, not to mention hundreds, I am the first time to play King Kong, OK.
The stuff is good
Things are really good, sent to my girlfriend, but I was not in Canada at noon when the express some unpleasant, the logistics company directly put the mail storage treasure and did not send the verification text message to me, causing me to run twice.
But the baby's really good.
It's worth buying
Little monkey cute, Amazon discount is really strong, Zhou Shengsheng official website direct delivery, the night before the order, received this afternoon, really fast.
Postal couriers are also very responsible.
It's great!
Confessions of a customer
1 Receive such defective products, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry ah, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then in the middle you contact customer service, they will tell you that the problem will be dealt with by a specialist, who will inform you of the outcome.
You can never take the initiative to contact this commissioner, do not know her work number, there is no direct contact telephone, that is, you can not contact her, only she contact you.
The tragedy is that after waiting for nearly three days, the commissioner contacted me, I left my mobile phone for a while and did not receive a call from the commissioner.
I waited for 2 hours without waiting for a call from the specialist, during which time I contacted Amazon customer service and emailed customer service to ask her to call me back.
4 Nearly 3 days have passed and I still don't know what Amazon will do with the defective coffee machine I received!
There is no problem with Amazon's goods in the United States. Overseas shopping is good, but the service is far worse than in the United States and Asia.
6 For me I can only continue to wait. . .
The bottom is not flat
Because look at the reviews are very good, all look forward to this pot, when you get it, also like, very light, but when you open the pot found the problem, the bottom of the pot is not flat, protruding in the middle, concave around the perimeter, the oil has run to the perimeter, purposely bought to open the pot fat fried a lot of oil can not cover the central area, paste, open the pot can not open, such a structure is estimated to be unable to cook normally.
I don't know if I was unlucky enough to get a pot with an uneven bottom, but thanks to Amazon's one-month return service, I returned it decisively.
I brushed the pot clean and retired, working in vain for a long time.
Good product design requires a matching manufacturing process to achieve
This is a product with a very simple design.
Cube shape, the designer treated the top into a slight curve.
It was supposed to be a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the final effect was not achieved.
Because there are two parts at the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the top cover of the water box.
The curvature of the top cover and the curvature of the control panel are not consistent, after piecing together there is a height difference of up to 2mm or so.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said to have destroyed the whole sense of design.
A little heartache for the product designer.
It seems that the beauty of the product manager has not been able to create such a level of product.
(For the after-sales lady's feedback of course can not be too demanding, but when I heard the after-sales said that this product all individuals are like this, not only I bought this one has a problem, her disapproval and truthful burden of emotions let me understand that the United States can not be too demanding) 2019-7-7 water pump failure water output is low, has been the second repair, the first repair two weeks after the bad.
It's a good deal after the offer, Amazon fake offer is sad
Baby born a week to buy, super insulation.
The outside of the pot can not feel a trace of heat, that is not afraid of hot people can also effectively protect the temperature does not dissipate.
After a night the air-conditioned room can still maintain a high temperature.
Amazon said anniversary activities 320 big discount, later found that everyone 249,289,299 have, an instant sense of being cheated, but went to the supermarket to compare it is still more than the same price of a variety of miscellaneous cards, the future can go out with the car.
Vitamix 6300
Has been watching for a long time, see the United States and Asia 6300 discount, Central Asia overseas purchase the same price, hurry to start.
September 2nd order, the expected arrival is the 21st, the result of the 12th arrived, almost 10 days in advance, the speed is really fast!
The box is not big, directly with the original packaging of Vitamix, Amazon is not afraid to cross the ocean broken!
The machine looks very new, complete accessories, is the cup on the base of the shaking, I am afraid to boot the cup directly fly out!
Ask a friend who has 5200, listen to his description does not seem to me this so loose.
Randomly attached to the recipe all in English, look very tired, the Internet did not find the Chinese version, this is a trouble!
After receiving the goods hurriedly bought a transformer, estimated 3 days to get it, and then a good toss!
Too small, no umbrella cover, general material.
It's not a tuba at all!
The second Totes, 1.This one has no umbrella cover 2.Umbrella handle is made of ordinary material 3.It is clearly written Large, in fact, it is a convenient umbrella for one person, which is estimated to be enough for two people.
On the contrary, the one I bought in the United States and Asia can be used by three people without pressure.
It doesn't feel so good
The first is that the box is not very strong, with a press on the deformation, followed by the back of the design of the flat to prevent the box ABS scratching and does not play a role, again is the inside of the box is a piece of cloth wrapped, the place where the lever stands out... and so on, all kinds of dissatisfaction, and finally the zipper is a bit unsmooth.
PS: The wheels feel really good
It can also be
Pros: This backpack is more delicate and looks durable.
Disadvantages: the QR code on the card can't be scanned (what the hell), the 15.6-inch notebook can't be put down (a little longer won't do), the backpack zipper can be locked, but there is no lock for the buyer, can't be described as service-oriented.
Overall OK, don't know if it's real leather
The overall feeling is OK, do not know whether it is real leather, you can not blindly evaluate.
Can hold A4 format documents, over 80 pages thick, but too thick and too hard box-like object (can not be deformed) is estimated to be unable to hold.
The bag is very soft, inside the inner pocket separation is also more humane, or quite good.
It's just that I got a small trachoma at the bottom of this, I don't know if it's my bad character or?
Too lazy to toss back and forth to exchange goods, bear it.
Four stars overall, it's still worth it.
ForRoyal is popular all over the world Camera Strap SLR Strap
This strap is designed to be more scientific, hanging over the shoulders, practical, and the chest is made of soft material to fix and protect the camera, unlike other fast shooters with screws to fix the bottom of the camera, and it is also very convenient to take off photography.
Junk after-sales
I bought the piano a month and a half ago, missing a part, after informing Amazon gave me the after-sales phone, after many communications, the part has not received now, what is the efficiency of this!
Estimated after the problem maintenance more trouble, looking forward to a good after-sales friends or detour it, too much trouble!
Small flaws, good timbre
The head is defective, missing a horn, it feels defective, and there are no freebies, but the price is good, and the tone is good.
It's all right, the first order of noodles
Used for a long time, except the bass can't come out, overall not bad.
It is that the workmanship is not as perfect as imagined.
When I first bought it, there was something wrong with it, all the lights were flashing and it couldn't be used.
Ask for a replacement, the result of the goods to Shanghai for three days, still not delivered.
The phone call to the delivery was not answered.
The courier company said they only had that contact information.
Amazon couldn't find a place to complain.
Without asking, in the case of delayed delivery, inexplicably delayed delivery at my request - such a text message came.
What about the transit problem later.
Anyway, the very poor shopping experience, began to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.
I don't think I'll get it today.
Labels are too sticky and not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, but the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not laminated; and the label stickiness is very poor, for the cable label is not at all, very easy to fall off, bought for the organization of the cable friends need to pay attention to.
The pen is OK, but the package is too rudimentary, just a cardboard box, no protection, and the box containing the pen with a large piece of transparent glue, tear off the glue on the box.
Six hundred dollars worth of stuff is treated like this, very disappointed in a shopping trip.
But there's nothing wrong with the pen.
Hope to improve the packaging in the future!
The quality is not, if you talk about writing, not as good as 925-25
First praise the daily express bar, air parts, super fast, service attitude is also very good!
Have been using 925-25, very good, just received 925-85, the quality of the pen did not say, the style is also very beautiful, the reason to give four stars is because the pen is a bit heavy, not suitable for fast writing, the cap to adjust the length of the lead is a bit wobbly, personal opinion: 925-25 is more comfortable than 85.
So become an Amazon diehard powder
Bought at a super discounted price, and as a result, the child doesn't like the reading pen.
Opened, tried to apply for a return, actually free pick-up.
It's too bull.
It is not recommended to return goods, but such a service is the only one in China.
I hope it's not abused.
Later books, all moved positions to buy here.
Headphone bias, and noise
This headset is a piece of crap. I don't know if it's my ears or if it's just not as good as it used to be.
I bought a blue two years ago in a certain easy, the sound quality is good no noise bass is also good, used for more than two years with bad plans to buy another (urbeats), after all, it feels good.
Looked out of a purple very good-looking, the result of buying this today to open a listen to feel wrong, one side of the voice is loud and the other side of the voice is small.
At first I thought it was because of the sound of the song did not think much about it, but after listening for a long time I found that this problem is very serious, not only the polarization, the bass effect did not sound as good as the one I had before, but also some noise, is only I bought this purple has this phenomenon? Or now the headphone manufacturing process is really not good?
Pretty poor review, very disappointed.
Be sure to return it during the day tomorrow.
PS good face value
This AV amplifier set up complex, rough appearance workmanship, large heat.
The sound will take a while to evaluate again!
August 14 just started the German version of DN1080. A look at the outside workmanship is poor.
1. Front panel, knobs are plastic.
2.Rear panel audio input jack, speaker output terminals are poor, casually find a 1000-2000 CD amplifier machine is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is relatively thin, my transformer side is still concave, had to open the box to restore by hand, the combination of the top cover and the front panel loose.
4.The center of gravity of the whole machine is biased towards the transformer end, which is very awkward to move.
It feels like a SONY entry-level machine, just the workmanship, made in Malaysia.
It feels like Sony is going to be foundry in China much better than the pony.
5.The machine heats up, watch a movie with two channels for about 2 hours, the top cover with your hand to touch 40-50 °C, do not know if the transformer is too big heat.
Now multi-use switching power supply, this stupid transformer is estimated to have 4KG.
Sony should have used a silent fan for active cooling inside the machine, only to see a large aluminum heatsink on the tube after opening the box.
Xiao Gui
FANDUN JEEP Garment Co., Ltd. is a collection of research and development design, processing, production, marketing and trade as one of the clothing enterprises, mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing, is a booming young enterprise.
FANDUN JEEP clothing focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, the introduction of international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, to build a domestic first-class clothing production line.
To maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.
In the information construction, efforts to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that enterprises in the comprehensive management capacity has been strengthened and improved, the overall improvement of the enterprise's modern management level.
The company adhering to the "integrity, harmony, quality, excellence" business philosophy, products based on the domestic market, favored by the majority of merchants.
Van Dun Jeep clothing, because young, so confident!
We wholeheartedly welcome customers at home and abroad to cooperate and create brilliant!
Enterprise spirit: enterprising, keep pace with the times, service tenet: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: lead the trend, establish a brand.
Haven't taken it apart
The battery is in use.
I'd love to dissect it and see what's in its belly.
Think about it later, in case you are disappointed after taking it apart, it would be wrong to spend so much money; in case you are satisfied after taking it apart, it would be difficult to put it together again, and it would be unpleasant to use.
Come on, even if Sony uses a good battery.
As for the detailed description of the amount of electricity, the average person will look at the heart will be empty.
Fortunately, I have worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time, in addition to do not understand the circuit, is also half a battery engineer, can withstand.
Overjoyed
Before buying the heart is really bottomless, until the opening of a look at the packaging feel very positive!
Finally when I touched the headphone cord, it felt very flexible, the quality is too good, can't wait to plug in the phone to open qq music.
I was amazed that the sound quality was surround 3D!
I asked in the physical communication store, almost 30 or so, but by no means Pinsheng brand, is miscellaneous, so this Pinsheng although 27 pieces, but the price is definitely worth having!
Worst online shopping experience
After placing the order on September 28, the system showed that it had been shipped, but it was not received until October 12.
Check Amazon order status, the seller did not provide the courier number, can not find out where the order is.
So sent an email to the seller to ask if you can provide the courier number, after two days there has been no response.
In desperation, call Amazon customer service, customer service told the seller's mobile phone number, I called again to ask the store, after a few calls, the phone, was told that the courier lost, you can immediately re-send me a.
Although I was particularly angry, but because of the urgent need for the computer, so I did not say much to the seller, as long as immediately sent to me.
As a result, the next day called and asked, has it been shipped?
The seller said not yet. It won't be delivered until this afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon, and the seller said it would be delivered after 5 or 6 p.m., but when I called at 7 p.m., no one answered the phone.
On the morning of the third day I called again and asked if the goods had been sent out.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said no, and told me that if I was in a hurry, let me order from another company, and if I could wait, it would be delivered in the afternoon.
No way. I'll have to wait a long time to order from another company.
Just ask the seller to hurry up and deliver the goods.
Finally, after numerous follow-up phone calls, I received the computer on October 16.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because I bought it for someone else, so I'll add a comment later.
Just bought half a year did not use a few times, now the contact is bad, ask can be repaired?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven't used it much since I bought it.
Just take it with you a few times in your business bag.
Recently found that when the power is turned on, do not charge, you need to hold the charger and the connection of the line with your hand a few times, in order to charge.
Doubt is the interface contact is bad, do not know now can also be repaired?
It is highly recommended that Amazon deactivate EMS!
Commodity five stars, logistics one star, average three stars.
Do not understand why Amazon to send EMS, the industry is recognized as unreliable, well, the computer is also valuable ah!
The purchase order showed that it was expected to be delivered on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
From Xiamen to Fuzhou, why four or five days ah!
22 in the morning to check the logistics finally to Fuzhou, ready to be happy to receive the goods, as a result, in the evening did not receive any phone calls, text messages, a check the logistics, even at noon was signed, but also showed that I signed!
I was in instant shock!
Who am I? Where am I? Did I really buy this computer?
It's almost doubtful that life is good!
Finally made a trip to the collection point to move the computer back.
The specific reason is simply because the courier brother reversed the two single numbers, but the piece is not lost.
I strongly recommend that Amazon do not use EMS, and if Amazon uses EMS delivery, I will not buy again.
The goods are not bad
First of all, just bought a few days to find a price reduction, bad reviews, this is not bad, cost-effective, cpu and graphics card enough to cope with the mainstream online games and quite a few large stand-alone, cooling is very good, but the screen is a bit light leakage (ips screen common problem), sound quality is not very good, hard disk is not good (suggest to spend some money to add a solid state), yesterday took the after-sales testing of the hardware, there is no problem, comes with win8.1 is not very easy to use, it is recommended to upgrade to 10, the seller shipped quickly, all inquiries answered quickly, received the computer the next day the invoice arrived, good, but unfortunately no gifts.
(By the way, to buy a keyboard film must not go to a treasure called E cool digital center shop to buy, slow delivery of poor quality, product problems do not return or exchange, the boss is also full of foul language, special exposure)
Things are good, platform bureaucrats remain
Hard disk quality is very good, cost-effective absolutely high, cheaper than Hong Kong to buy, not in a hurry to use and can stand the logistics absolutely recommended to buy.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same, and a few years ago I swore I would never use it when there was no improvement, you can never find out the actual logistics situation, the information is always sent a few weeks later, you can never complain, it is so bureaucratic!
Goods received a few days, logistics information or 10 days after you will receive the goods!
No peace of mind in logistics
Sent in this way, not only the packaging flattened, electrical packaging is also open, do not know whether there is a transfer package.
FYI
Haven't tried it yet, always trust Philips, hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
Checked on the Internet, may be a common problem of water, and there is no warranty.
Depressing!
Now wrap it in cling film and continue to use it. I wonder how long it will last?
Buying someone else's opened
More than three hundred machines to more than a hundred tax is indeed relatively high, see now more than six hundred heart balance.
Received when the sealing tape state looked very wrong, like opened, rushed to take a photo first, and sure enough, a tear on the open, open the inside of the cardboard is still damaged, worried about the return of others, not yet to the anniversary of the first hurried to my husband to try, the results of the machine has no electricity, fortunately there is no slag inside the blade, not too far how to return ah!
Good to use or short-term will not have any problems is not known, such as the previous evaluation, out of stock when issued something really unreliable!
Upper-middle level of experience
Almost the top electric, there are many kinds of teeth cleaning mode, but few people will change the different modes of brushing every day.
With half a year no problem, brush every day, almost more than a week flush.
Brush head accessories are just as cheap to buy on Amazon.
App is a bit difficult to use, in addition to changing the color of those, other seemingly compatible problems are the reason for the overseas version?
Those who wish to learn Dafa.
Very good value for money
It's been used 3-4 times.
1, the packaging is in good condition.
2, very simple to use, cleaning is also very convenient.
3, can completely DIY haircut, save money.
All in all, a very successful purchase.
There are fakes
The last time I bought two packs, actually two different versions, the original packaging on the bottom left corner of the word is green, the result of a pack is not, is white word, the result of the cat ate diarrhea.
I'm not sure if Amazon's source is fake, or if it was dropped by an employee during delivery.
I'll buy it again, and if it's still a fake, I'm going to have to find someone to blame.
It's a horizontal bar!
Isn't it deceptive that the Amazon image is slashed and the result sent to me is a horizontal bar?
The effect is OK
Cats like to eat, that's the point.
It does have an effect, too.
Tight, narrow, hoop feet, grinding instep.
It is not recommended.
1.UN is the most comfortable series of clarks, but this one is too bad.
Additional: today compared to the previous UN series of insoles (shoes throw pads to keep), the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, breathable is not as good as before, is fake soft.
2. My instep is not high, the part of the instep is about 3 cm forward at the highest point.
Bought three pairs of clarks overseas and only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all the music in my favorites.
Back to try rockport, can't only go to the ecco store.
Substandard good, bad quality control
First of all, it is worth affirming that Prime overseas purchase Ups is very strong, 31 under the order 6 received.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the leather feels good.
Shoe size is a little larger, 25 feet long 10.5 wide shot 7.5W, the upper foot is a little loose, but usually like to wear a little loose, pad a pair of insoles just right.
Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not flattering, a sole rubber is damaged, another upper has a variety of scratches and a needle eye, the upper and the sole of the joint of the rubber strip misalignment, clearly inferior to good!
It's a bit of a regret!
Do activities 280 yuan to buy, this price to buy Arthurs quite a bargain, of course, look at the reviews there are lower prices.
Now about the shoes, the advantages: shoes are very light, running is very comfortable, but also more comfortable, will not be loose.
The face value is very high, but the disadvantage is also obvious: I usually wear 40 shoes, this time bought 40.5, put into the front of the shoe is about 1 thumb distance, but, this does not affect anything.
The shoe is "narrow" and feels tight, although there's still some distance in front.
Another point, the shoes may not be very breathable, now wear feel very hot feet.
Press the instep of the foot
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are very standard kind, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, amazon love step also bought a few pairs, never appeared to be out of place, but this pair I refer to the reviews, buy a large size uk7, on the foot because of the size of the length is obviously longer, but because the insole is too thick, or pressure on the back of the foot pressure, coupled with hiking shoes very hard, resulting in very uncomfortable on the foot.
If your feet are not particularly thin, this is not recommended.
If you must buy, change the insole can also solve, but the original insole looks very high-class appearance, do not have a pity.
Perfect for a shopping trip!
Very satisfied, very like, Amazon overseas purchases are genuine no doubt, the quality is also very good, cheap, buy rest assured, after-sales service is very thoughtful, customer service attitude is very kind and amiable, deal with the problem patiently and efficiently, the perfect solution to worry, supporting the courier delivery is very convenient and secure, the delivery master is very considerate of customers, every time will remind timely pick up from the courier cabinet, thank Amazon to provide customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
In short, our whole family loves shopping overseas on Amazon!
Absolutely bad review!
I'm really speechless about this agency and Amazon.
Be careful when buying electronics on Amazon in the future.
It's been a long time, but it's still going to spit.
Bought in winter, less than 200, put at home for a few months useless.
Spring to use when found and how the bracelet can not be connected, both equipment manuals support each other, and later found that it should be the heart rate belt problem, because to find other equipment or can not be connected.
Call Amazon, let me contact the agency, the agency asked me to send the device to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After nearly half a month, things were sent back in their original condition, even the express box is the one I used to send it!
There is no reply and receipt and test report!
How do you tell me, is it good or bad ah!
Call and ask, and say that it's good to send it back to show that the equipment is OK.
But I still can't connect, the agency replied: That's none of their business.
Unlucky for me, I'm too lazy to be tossed around by you for 200 bucks.
Seriously wrong goods.
It's very wrong.
The headband material is very good.
It's much better than nike.
The breathability is also very good.
It's just the cap on the front.
It is very fine.
Is it meant to be funny?!
It's completely out of the sun.
It is not returned because it functions well as a headband.
Wear it up, though it won't block out the sun.
But it's different from other headband styles.
Keep it for use.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks the spirit of contract, the delivery man is very good.
I require delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's rules don't allow Saturday, Sunday delivery.
Hurt me, from the field to drive 200 kilometers back to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how do I love you again?
The delivery man was very positive and enthusiastic.
Give me a thumbs up!
Commodities, briefly tried, not bad.
But have not bought similar goods before, can not compare the price!
Size Logistics
Workmanship can also be, is the logistics is too slow, the previous shoes are DHL, this Apex is really... domestic bought a lot of UA, the price is not low, feel engaged in higher than NIKE ADIDAS grade?
In fact, it's all the same Okay, so sea tao.
Size: I am 176CM, 68KG, I have broad shoulders, the general clothes are 180, buy M, hem slightly longer, other wear just right, I see there is a recommended S size, the figure is so slender? Or like tight? I think the hoodie or looser better.
Just the right size
Bust 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, consulted customer service before purchase was told should buy xxl, and then read the comments decisively start L, after receiving the goods found that the size is just right, almost was the pit.
The price of double eleven is much more expensive than black five.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
Z affordable goods problem is very troublesome!
Ordered on the 18th, received the goods on the 25th, Guangzhou to Beijing snail speed!
Bought Z affordable goods, the description told there were scratches, but after receiving the goods found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child does not want to return, thinking that the problem is not big, but accessories such small parts, the child's grandfather ran a few nearby hardware stores did not buy!
Finally Grandpa stuck it on!
It seems that in the future can not buy Z affordable goods!
Toy processing quality is not good
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, on the bolt is very laborious, visible processing quality is not good, do not know how long you can play, because it is a promise to the child, it will not return.
Other reviews said it was easy to install. Is this the only one I have a problem with?
It's very average
Could it be that I'm out of luck?
The packaging is old; the workmanship is mediocre; the music is one and only eight seconds long and then repeated; the action is to shake your head and walk along without any change.
It's not worth the price.
If it's urgent, don't return it.
The quality of the toy is good, spit out the packaging
Yesterday received the express, Amazon bought, marked EMS delivery, and finally Tmall's express delivery, this is how many turns? Amazon and Tmall relationship is good?
Talk about the packaging, is wrapped in cling film a few layers, there is not even a packaging plastic bubble wrap, open a look, all the parts are placed in the empty box, fortunately the toy quality is good, there are no broken parts, is much smaller than imagined, because it is not with batteries, push often derailed, feel the gap on both sides of the track is too big, the design is not reasonable.
Good quality, fun
It's fun, the precision of the components is very high, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is almost the same as Lego, the price is very favorable when doing activities.
The process of assembly is very interesting, I to spell, five-year-old son to play, very good.
He laughed and laughed and probably will continue to buy this brand of toys in the future.
The machine is new, the sea is good
Have a look at Christmas, before buying expensive 150 yuan, but the delivery is a little slower.
The machines are still good. They're all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then connect the elf ball and it will send a dream.
It's good to play, better than ps4, high portability.
Already bought Zelda, wait for the game, try again.
Production of rotten goods, the sale of rotten goods, the result of rotten goods service, bought six watches to send children, one of the fast digital display is not complete, six pieces of time are inconsistent, the difference between ten hours.
I contacted the manufacturer to ask the watch in the warehouse to check the time? They replied that "yes", since there is, then why the time difference so much, it must be that the watch does not have accuracy, simply put is a marine product, not what I said ugly, look, it is clear that the quality of the problem (digital display is not complete) are out to sell, is not junk.
I contacted the seller, the seller said a lot of reasons, but also complained that they should not have bought their things, such a product, such a seller, such after-sales service, who would dare to buy things on Amazon in the future.
In short, I recommend not to buy anything from this seller, it's also junk.
Amazon shipping problems
After receiving the goods, the inspection found that:
1, the table packaging is seriously worn.
2, the table instructions have serious use of folds.
3, the table does not go, the desk lamp charging is not used, can not adjust the time.
4, respectively contact Amazon customer service, can only be sent to the United States at their own expense, after the postage.
5, 2 points because the customer service is not bad.
It can only be said that it's OK
Time is not very accurate, about a second faster every day, with only a few months has been faster than two minutes.
I've used a piece of Citroën before, and it feels like a year or two won't be a few seconds worse.
Perpetual calendar function is quite good, chronograph function is a bit of chicken, basically not used, occasionally mistakenly touch into the chronograph mode.
Solar-powered sports watch
Pros: Solar charging without having to worry about changing batteries, world time, multiple alarms and hourly reminders.
Shortcomings: the mirror is easy to scratch, into the dust.
Value for money: domestic general price between 220-300, overseas purchase more than 180 (takes about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch
Must be genuine, to the counter inspection, the appearance of the watch is very beautiful, fine workmanship, sufficient materials, plus it is an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight, is those three or four hundred so-called mechanical watches can not be compared, this is the real thing.
The time of the watch is very accurate, the error is completely within the acceptable range, there is a jewelry certificate in the packaging of the watch, the 12 characters of the dial there is a real diamond, this is very suitable to wear, as a gift to send out is also very face.
Bentley watches are really good.
Worst shopping experience ever
On the evening of September 23, his wife's mobile phone fell, on a whim immediately ordered an 8p Amazon, in stock but not self-employed and no mark-up (heart secretly happy), because not self-employed delivery is relatively slow, the system shows that the latest expected receipt to September 27.
My wife died without a mobile phone, the next morning more than 6 o'clock called me to think of a way, and later on Jingdong a look at 256G goods can be delivered the same day, had to immediately order another one.
When the new one is ready, I want to cancel my Amazon order right away.
As the order is placed in the middle of the night, it is not possible to receive the courier in the early morning, more than 7 o'clock to call customer service to cancel the order, customer service reply has been cancelled please wait for SMS notification.
Well, I waited patiently, to noon on the phone to see, the order is still in the status is not shipped, immediately contact customer service to cancel the order, customer service reply has been operating OK.
At 3 p.m. on the phone to see the order is still there, there is no way but to contact customer service again clearly informed that the third call, please cancel the order and notify the seller must not be shipped!
Customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request, and told me that the seller is not familiar with the system, to wait until familiar with the system before operating to cancel the order.
But clearly tell me that the seller already knows, absolutely will not ship please rest assured.
When I looked at the order on Monday, it had already been shipped, and I was speechless.
Since you can't contact the seller directly, you can only call customer service again.
The back of the processing is simply speechless, basically I said a step, customer service then proceed to operate.
The order is still in the delivery rejection status so far and is ready to be delivered again!
Won't Amazon take the initiative to follow suit?
It doesn't matter if the seller takes the money anyway and doesn't follow up.
Summed up after the big piece will never pay in advance, this look is too cumbersome.
It looks beautiful
I liked this camera a long time ago, but because in addition to the price, there are some other reasons, so did not buy, this time because of the package, the price can also be bought.
After buying the other is no problem, is in the software connection, how can not connect, my home is TP router, after checking the Internet found that many people have this problem, get more than two hours, various changes to the router settings, finally I use 360WIFI as a medium to get good, during the call to millet customer service, they have no solution to this problem, directly let me contact Amazon for after-sales.
Another point worth noting is that I saw user comments on the Internet that this camera supports the smallest memory card is 8G, smaller storage capacity can not be recognized, I hope you pay attention to this.
It feels OK to use it, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is very poor, the machine has a certain degree of heat, has been turned on, feel this degree of heat is a bit difficult to accept.
To sum up, this product still has many shortcomings, I hope you should be careful when buying.
The reason to give 3 stars, because this is and the first love of life to buy, dating for nearly 3 years, so last year left me, until now.
The reason to give 3 stars, because this is and life's first love to buy, now do not know to what extent, perhaps throw it away!
After nearly three years of dating, she left me last year, and now when I think of her, I want to leave this world with heartache, the first woman in my life, brought me a lifetime of shadows and heartache, so far have not been able to come out.
When you buy this mobile phone, think about how the two felt at the time, or can share joys and sorrows together, but now it is hard to look back, life may be like this, some people do not want to meet in their lifetime, some things do not want to know in their lifetime, but what is the way?
How many times when I saw this Samsung mobile phone, my mind thought of her, that kind of pain followed to fill the whole body, I have never been reluctant to use more than 2,000 yuan of mobile phone, but when I bought it for her, I did not hesitate, no matter how good to a person, but one day when she changed her mind, all the vows will disappear.
The best of domestic brands
Huawei is a boutique in national goods.
Low-key boss and enterprises, relying on technology and quality to win customers, which is very different from the current advertising operation to improve the visibility of the business ethos!
Without the strength of the enterprise simply can not do so, also dare not do so!
That's why I chose Huawei.
Bought and used for more than half a year, feel has been very good, very good.
The reason I didn't give it a full score is because once when using it for offline navigation, there was a non-positioning phenomenon, and I didn't find out why in the end. Other times it was fine.
And its online input destination, search after the automatic design of the route, after leaving the wifi, it automatically offline navigation function is very practical, do not run traffic, it directly with the satellite dialogue to achieve positioning and navigation, very good!
Sony Dafa is good
Sony's low-end machine, the sense of design is still full, and the price is cheap, the screen is large enough, battery life is good, for the elderly to use very suitable.
Although a long time has passed, there is still nothing wrong with the machine.
But because my Z2 is decentralized, this phone has done its job.
