This document is prepared in accordance with the provisions of GB/T 1.1 I 202 Working Part I of the Working Guide on Standardization: Structure of Standardization Documents and Rules for Drafting.
This document replaces GB 18030 I 2005 Information Technology Chinese characters encoding set with the following major extensions, apart from structural and editorial changes:
The scope of this document has been added (see Chapter 1),
The GB/I 13000 code positions corresponding to 10 hyphenation points and 8 characters components in the two-byte coding region were changed, and in addition to the 6 re-coded characters components and 9 re-coded characters ((See Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed in the four-byte coding region (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
The Chinese characters and the opening/final parts of the appendix have been removed. See appendix 0 of the 2005 edition.
Increased level of implementation " (see Fig. 9);
Added an informative appendix to the General Characteristics Characteristics; code location of the proposed word See appendix.
Please note that some of the contents of this document may involve patents. The publisher of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document is submitted and approved by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The following is a chronological list of releases of this document and its replacements:
First published in 2000 as GB 18030 First revised in 2000 and 2005; Second revised edition 。
GB 18030 January 2022
Information expansion of the Chinese character set
1 This document specifies the sixteen digit representation of Chinese graphic characters and binary code for information technology 。
This document is applicable to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of information in Chinese and other text-graphic characters.
This document is intended for the technical categories of products with information processing and exchange capabilities for Chinese and other text-graphic characters, including but not limited to software products represented by input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing, correction, machine translation, speech synthesis, transcription, and joinery, and notebook products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book readers, and learning machines.
2 Leaked documents
The following documents contain the essential provisions of the cost document by way of normative reference in the text:
In these cases, only the version of the document with the date of the reference applies to this document; the version of the document without the date of the reference applies to this document, its latest version (including all the amendments) applying to this document.
GB/T 2312 1 1980 Chinese characters for the exchange of information in Chinese characters Basic set of characters
GB/I 11383 January 1989 Information processing and encoding rules for the exchange of information using eight-bit codes
GB/work 13000 General information technology multi- and eight-bit encoded character sets ((UCS)
3 Terms and definitions
The following language and definitions apply to this document:
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encodings are shown.
3.3 Private use area
Users of products that comply with this document can use their own specified areas.
3.4 Vocabulary and repertoire
A specified character (<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
3.5 Reserved zone
The areas specified in this document shall be reserved for future use.
GB 18030 January 2022
4 The Word
4.1 Summary of the project
The characters in this file are encoded in single, double, or quad-byte encodings.
The single-byte portion contains all 128 characters from GB/T 11383 I 1989 0x00 to 0x7F 。
4.3 The two-byte part
The two-byte part contains all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312 a 1980 and the CJK Unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 as well as some graphic characters ▽.
The characters in the two-byte section are as specified in Appendix A.
The graphics, code location and function of the semantic descriptor shall be in accordance with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 Uniform Code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, the People's Republic of China, and Vietnam.
Characters with unique abstract characters are assigned a separate code position; characters with the same abstract characters from different sources are assigned a common code position.
The encoded characters are called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Quad byte part
The four-byte section contains 66 of the CJK Unicode characters from GB/T 13000 in addition to the above two-byte characters ((9FA6 and 9FEF, excluding the 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB), CJK Unicode Extension A, CJK Unicode Extension BCJK Unicode Extension C, CJK Unicode Extension DCJK Unicode Extension CJK Unicode Extension F and the characters of the minority characters already encoded in GB/Manufacturer 13000
The characters in the four-byte section are as defined in Appendix C.
5 General structure
In the English language, all numbers with 0x are represented in the decimal system, whereas those without 0x are represented in the hexadecimal system.
The encoded digits in the appendix are represented in the decimal system, while the other digits are represented in the hexadecimal system.
The single-byte portion uses the encoding structure of GB/T 11383 I 1989, so that the 0x00 to 0x7F bytes are used.
The binary digits are represented by two eight-digit binary bit strings, starting with 0x81 and 0xFE, followed by 0x40 and 0x7E and 0x80 and 0xFE respectively.
The four-byte part is used in GB/Work 11383 1 1989 Not used 0x30 1 0x39 As a suffix to the two-byte extension, the encoding range is 0x81308130 1 0xFE39FE39 。
The first four-byte character is encoded as 0x81 by 0xFE; the second is encoded as 0x30 by 0x39; the third is encoded as 0x81 by 0xFE; the fourth is encoded as 0x30 by 0x39 。 i.e.: 0x813081301 by 0x81308139; 0x813082301 by 0x81308239 by 0x8130FEFE301 by 0x8130FE39 ; 0x813181301 by 0x81318139 ; Oo2douolag0c 0URo23061393 by 0xFE39301 by 0xFE3939 。
The overall structure and berth allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1 ◦.
6 Character order
6.1 The order of the letters in the wordbrush
The alphabetical part of the characters is arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383 I 1989.
6.2 The order of the characters in the binary market segment
The order of the characters below the hyphen should be in accordance with Appendix A
6.3 The order of the characters in the Quadruple
50400 bytes from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, corresponding to all characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane not included in the two-byte section, in the order of the corresponding characters in the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane 。
The 1058400 bytes from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 are used for the 16 auxiliary planes corresponding to GB/T 13000, and the character order is exactly the same as the corresponding bytes in GB/I 13000's 16 auxiliary planes.
The order of the four-byte segment characters should be in accordance with Appendix C ≠
7 bytes allocated
1. Allocation of the single market segment
The byte part of the single byte is allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383 I 1989.
The single-byte byte-byte distribution is shown in Figure 2.
2. Allocation of the binomial part of the byte
The two-byte part is divided into two parts, 0x8140~1 0xFE7E and 0x8180~1 0xFEFE, for a total of 23940 bytes.
The two-byte byte allocation is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
The total is 23,940 bytes
The first two bytes are 846 bytes.
SS WA and RS Twinings 3 area 6080 yards
The first byte 0xA8 to 0xA9 The second byte 5 Zone: 192 bytes
3. The two-word vegetable part encodes the spatial structure map
Table 2 Arrangement of the yards in the two-word counting section
Area of the human body
Yard allocation for the Quadrant Brush section
The four-byte section contains Chinese characters and some minority languages.
The quadbit-byte allocation is shown in Table 3.
The four-byte-person-byte allocation not specified in Table 3 is given in 6.3 ◦.
Table 3 Yard arrangement of the Quadrant
Docking range
The arrangement of the bytes in the quad-byte portion of Table 3 (continued)
Yard range of the yard digit sign
There are 25,200 bytes of user-defined area from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The remaining four bytes are reserved for future file extensions.
8 Character and code descriptions
The lettering in some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D) in relation to GB 18030 I 2005.
9.1 Common rules
This document provides three levels of implementation:
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level should provide input and output functionality for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Implementation level 1
Implementation of the CJK Unified Character (i.e. 0x82358F33 1 0x82359636) and CJK Unified Character Extension A ((i.e. 0x8139EE39 1 0x82358738) for the single-byte coding portion of the level 1 text-based document, the two-season coding portion and the four-letter sub-markup portion.
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements of Implementation Level 1.
Note: Depending on the software application, implementation level 1 may also be implemented in any one or more of the non-Chinese languages listed in Table 3.
9.3 Level 2 of the implementation
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.
In addition, implementation level 2 also maintains the General Specification of Code Table that does not contain encoded characters within the real level 1.
The characters used in this document are located in the code and in the form of the characters used in the General Specification Chronology, see the appendix below.
System software and supporting software should meet the requirements of implementation level 2.
Note: System software and scripting software include but are not limited to operating systems, database management systems, and middleware. Information on software product classification is available in GB/IEC 36475.
9.4 Implementation level 3
Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2.
In addition, the implementation level 3 also contains all the characters specified in this document and the head of the Con-Hae section in Table 3.
Products used for administrative and public services shall meet the requirements for achieving Tier 3.
Note: The civil service and shared services industries include, but are not limited to, rail transportation, road and water transportation, air transportation, multimodal transportation and transportation agencies, postal services, monetary and financial services, insurance, land, administration, health, state agencies, social security, etc. (for information on the classification of industries, see GB/Industrial 4754).
The following table shows the number of cases of non-compliance:
List of double characters
Contents of Table A.1
This table gives the typeface and code for the two-byte encoded character, along with the corresponding GB/T 13000 code location for the character.
Explanation of Table A.2
For example:
First byte second byte low
Double byte in area 3
Second byte high bit GBCT 13000 code location
Annex B (Formal) and the following
The description of the caption
This appendix contains the 13 semantic descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000 and gives their graphics. Code location and function description.
See Table B.1 for details.
Graphical, coding and functional description of the figurative descriptors in Table B.1
The characteristic characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic of the characteristic
Left and right structures
Top and bottom
Left-centered right structure
Upper and lower structure
All-round structure
Back to the fence
Back to the enclosure
Back to right enclosure
Back to the bottom right of the enclosure
Back to the lower left of the enclosure
Back to the top right of the enclosure
Rental structure
Annex C (norms and rules)
Four-letter code
Contents of Table C.1
This table gives the characters and codes for the characters of the Chinese and some minority languages, and also the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code for the characters, but the position, other parts of the characters from the abbreviation △.
Notes on the table C.2
The following is a list of the most commonly used terms in the English language.
Description of some characters and code
D.1 18 GB/T 13000 code locations adjusted
B 18030 I 2005 provides for the temporary code positions of 10 bullet points and 8 characters in GB/I 13000, which have been adjusted in this document as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 The adjusted code corresponds to the relationship Continuity)
The corresponding GB/T work 13000 bytes for this document and the corresponding GB 18030 I 2005 for this document
D.2 6 Chinese characters deleted in the two-word counting region
Code location and reserved font in Table D.2
D.3 9 CJK-compatible characters removed in the Double-word section
This document removes nine CJK characters from the GB/TI 13000 entry in GB 18030 I 2005, as shown in Table D.3 。
9 CJK-compatible characters removed from Table D.3 and their code locations
Appendix to the General Specifications Code Table of Chinese characters
This document contains all 8105 characters of the four standard characters of the Common Standard published by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013, with their code positions and letterforms as shown in Table 1.
The order of characters in the table is consistent with the order of characters in the 4 General Standard Character List, with characters in order 1 1 3500 being first-class characters, characters in order 3501 1 6500 being second-class characters, and characters in order 6501 1 8105 being third-class characters.
Table E.1 List of characters in the General Specification of Chinese characters
GB/employment 4754 Classification of sectors of the national economy
GB/Work 36475 Software product classification and other
The Chinese characters are based on the Chinese characters used in the Chinese language.
The content of this manual page is taken from the full documentation of the GNU C compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone volunteers to maintain it, the EURo and Info documents are authoritative.
If you find a discrepancy between the manual pages and the software, please refer to Info
If we find that the content of the manual page is causing obvious confusion and complaints due to its obsolescence, we stop publishing it. There is no other option than to update the Info file at the same time as the man manual, because other maintenance work on Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this. The GNU Engineering considers the man manual to be an obsolete product and should spend time elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, please refer to the Info file `gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are from the Texinfo source file gee. texinfo.
DESCRIPTION C and C++ compilers are integrated. They all handle input files in one or more of four steps: preprocessing, compilation, assembly, and linking.
The source file suffix identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix name controls the default setting:
gcc considers the preprocessed file ((.i) to be a c file and sets the connection to be in the form of c,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c++ file and sets the connection to the c++ form.
The source file suffix indicates the language type and the operation in the later stages:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compiling and assembly
C C++ source code; preprocessed, compiled, compiled
.cc C++ source code; preprocessed, compiled and compiled
CXX C++ source code; preprocessing, compilation and assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessed, compiled and compiled
.i Preprocessed c files; compiled, compiled
.ii Preprocessed c++ files; compiled, compiled
.s compiles the source program of the language; compiles
Compilation of source language programs; preprocessing, compilation and assembly
.h preprocessor files; files that do not normally appear on the command line with other suffixes are passed to the linker. Typically include:
.0 Object file
The archive file is a file that contains the information about the author of the book.
Connection is always the last step, unless the -cec-, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the entire process).
At the connection stage, all corresponding.e files, -1 library files, unidentified file names ((including the specified.o H flag files and.a library files) are passed to the connector options in order from the command line
The option must be given separately: de'is completely different from `-d-r '.
Most ` -=E: and `-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
The format is not the default, but is listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in later chapters.
Code generation option
Overall option
Specify that the language of the file to be entered afterwards is language (rather than the default option from the file name suffix).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option is encountered.
Turn off any language explicit, so the file is processed according to the file name suffix (RE AS E ` -x' option).
If only a portion of the four stages (Preprocess, Compile, Compile, Connect) is operated, the ` -x' option (or Ah after the filename) can be used to tell geo where to start, and the `~-c', `-s', or `-E' option to tell geo where to end. Note that some combinations of options (e.g., `-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c compile or compile source files, ETER. In the absence of ERA ATI, GCC is used by `.o' to replace the source file name with the post-level `.ec filename. Other options can be used to choose the name.
The targeted files.
The compilation is stopped and no compilation is done.
The compiler for GNU does not have this problem, since the compilers for those systems cannot read data from the pipeline, and the compiler is able to accept the C "dialect": support for C programs that conform to the ANSI standard.
This turns off certain keywords in GNU Cc that are incompatible with ANSI Cc, as well as ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax that are indicated as acceptable and rarely used, and disables them despite the fact that they are used in all standard libraries. The main function returns an int value, typical of almost all programs except the kernel.
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', C-style handling --- i.e. no indication of the number or type of parameters. (Only for C++).
Normally, a function like foo would mean that the argument is empty in C++.
The section lists here are removed to try to support some aspects of the traditional C compiler.
We have removed the details so that when the content is out of date, people won't be able to HERI it.
Except for one thing: for c++ programs (not C), the '∀ -traditional' option brings an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned.
The result of this is the same as the result of the '`-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
In particular, the preprocessor mentioned above, but not including the other effects of the '`-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of the character `$' in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the option '∀-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' to explicitly prohibit the use of the '∀$' character.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not all.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion of the ant type to the enumeration type (MEF c++).
In normal circumstances, GNU C++ allows the conversion from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal-templates generates a smaller code (limited to c++) for the template declaration, by generating a copy of each template function only where they are defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark `#pragma implementatio' (definition) or `#Pragma interface' (declaration) in all files that use the template.
When a program compiles with `-fexternal-templates', all template instantiations are external types. You must have the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be done through typedef, which cites each instance as needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option ` -fno-exteznal-templates' is used when compiling, all template instances are explicitly set to built-in.
All member functions (except the constructor subfunction and the mnew or delete member operator) are treated as virtual functions of the class in which they are located.
This does not imply that every call to a member function will pass through the internal null table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; this is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch Allows type mismatch of the second and third parameters of a conditional expression.
The value of this expression is Void.-fthis-is-variable allowing this to be assigned (only for c++).
The incorporation of user-customized free storage management mechanisms into c++ makes the attributable '`this' seem out of date.
Therefore, by default, this assignment is invalid inside the class member function.
However, for backwards compatibility, you can enable this by using the '`-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char Defines char as a symbolless type, like unsigned char.
Each machine has its own default char type. It can be either an unsigned char or a signed char.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz when relying on the symbolic nature of the data.
But many programs have been written using only simple char, and the terminal block is either symmetrical (or symmetricalless, depending on the target machine that wrote the program).
This option, and its antiderivative, allows the program to work on the corresponding default.
The type of char should always be clearly defined as a signed char or an unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If there is no explicit declaration of the ` signed' or "unsigned' modifier, these options are used to define a bitfield with or without a symbol.
By default, bit fields are signed because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed, however, if the '`-traditional' option is specified, the bit fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in a writable data segment, and does not give it special treatment.
This is to make it compatible with some older programs, which are thinking that changing the string constant is a very bad idea, and the '`-traditional' option has the same effect.
Summary of the execution
The impact of coronavirus on the drug market
The impact could be similar to the 2008 economic crisis
The global outbreak of coronavirus pneumonia has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has left healthcare systems in a state of near collapse, and restrictive measures imposed by governments have caused severe disruption in the global economy.
The impact of the epidemic on the drug market is unclear and difficult to predict, but it could have far-reaching consequences.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and basic chemicals.
Traffickers who cannot cross the border due to travel restrictions may have to find new routes and methods.
The patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hindered.
The transformation of the coronavirus is unprecedented, but there are lessons to be learned from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and shifted their patterns of use to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut budgets related to drugs.
Interventions such as prevention of drug use and related risk behaviors and drug treatment services could be hit hard if governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way.
In addition, the priority of interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to act.
The report also highlights the fact that the number of countries where drugs are smuggled via commercial airlines is high, and that these countries are expected to be the most directly affected by the drug trafficking activity.
Consumers have been known to carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in their backpacks or hidden in their personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. Due to restrictions on air passenger transportation in almost all places, the supply of drugs using commercial air travel may be completely interrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain is also affected, the use of darknet and cargo mail for trafficking activities may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related closures could disrupt the drug market.
Due to rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, to develop drug addiction disorders, and to turn to illicit activities related to drugs, whether in production or transportation.
The drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable populations and recruit new members to strengthen their ranks.
These changes could quickly take root and become a new reality in many communities as the government's ability to respond declines.
Expansion and complexity
Growth of the market
Population growth patterns partly explain why the market is expanding
Drug use has been increasing in all parts of the world, both in terms of overall numbers and in terms of the proportion of drug users in the world's population.
In 2009, an estimated 210 million people used drugs, or 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, compared to an estimated 269 million in 2018, or 5.3% of the population.
Over the past two decades, drug use in developing countries has increased much faster than in developed countries.
This reflects to some extent the difference in overall population growth over this period, with 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but also the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
The largest proportion of drug users are adolescents and young adults.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the massive migration of people from rural to urban areas, where more than half of the world's population now lives, compared to 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more prominent.
Increasing wealth is associated with an increase in drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest people in the world, and drug use is more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
The drug is also linked to the richest parts of the world, where it is used in the production of drugs such as cocaine.
In the same way, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthy in different countries.
However, the highest rates of drug addiction are found in people with lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a small number of countries show a link between harmful patterns of drug use, disease and low income.
These patterns seem less common in the wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global coronavirus pneumonia crisis are likely to increase the risk for the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been linked in the past to an increase in drug use, an epidemic that has already forced tens of millions of people around the world out of work.
The pandemic of coronavirus pneumonia could lead to more farmers or illegal crop cultivation, or because of the reduced control capacity of the state authorities, or because more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities under the economic crisis.
The associated restrictions on coronavirus pneumonia have led to a reduction in air and land traffic, which may have increased maritime trafficking, with a lower risk of interception at sea and more trafficking than by air or land.
Recently, there have been reports of cocaine being shipped directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but the market for potentially harmful new opioids is growing and becoming more complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. Non-medical use of drugs is also growing rapidly.
The domestic market of the Member States is home to approximately 500 new active substances per year.
Currently, the majority of these are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor activators and a small number of opioids.
Although the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Opioid-like new psychoactive substances accounted for only 2% of the total number of new psychoactive substance categories identified in 2014, but this figure rose to 9% by 2018 [2].
Many of the newer psychoactive substances, such as opioids, are analogues of fentanyl, whose medicinal effects and harms have been demonstrated to cause overdose deaths in North America and other regions, but to a lesser degree.
In North America, fentanyl is used as a hallucinogen for heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine), and in the manufacture of counterfeit medicinal opiates.
Some evidence suggests that injection of new psychoactive substances (NPS) is also a phenomenon in Europe: a study of discarded syringe residues in six European cities found that many syringes were laced with the new psychoactive substance, mercury, which produces an exciting effect
2 The use of new psychoactive substances may become more entrenched in vulnerable groups
The market for a single class of novel psychoactive substances has hardly ever been large.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabis is a serious problem among socially marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with the majority of countries identifying synthetic cannabis as the main challenge.
The regulation of precursor chemicals has forced drug makers to innovate, and many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as ketamine, methylamine and methamphetamine have been placed under international control.
Drug dealers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives to not only loosely regulated substances, but also chemicals specifically designed to circumvent regulation, the so-called "special-purpose" precursors.
Restrictive measures aimed at preventing the spread of novel coronavirus pneumonia are likely to further squeeze out poisoners who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this is already a reality: in March 2020, it was reported that a shortage of methylamine precursors imported from East Asia had led to higher prices in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing
Synthetic drugs replace opioids in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opioids seized by the Russian Federation authorities has decreased by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has decreased significantly.
But the market for stimulants seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cassettes, including methamphetamine and a-methamphetamine, are now ubiquitous on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities have reported a sharp increase in the number of recently seized clandestine processing points for the manufacture of various illicit drugs, which more than doubled in two years to 152 in 2018.
Growth in Afghanistan and Iraq's methamphetamine market
As early as 2012, investigations of hospital, prison and other staff revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystalline methamphetamine has become a major drug of concern alongside benzodiazepines and quetiapine.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with users reporting that cannabis is more difficult to obtain than methamphetamine or methylphenidate.
Recently, Iraqi authorities discovered several methamphetamine processing sites, and the Anesthesia Control Board has expressed concern over the large-scale import of pseudo-methamphetamine preparations, which are used as precursors in one methamphetamine processing site.
In Afghanistan, the manufacture of methamphetamine appears to have started in 2014.
Since then, methamphetamine seizures have been steadily increasing.
However, the first half of 2019 saw a sharp increase of 657 kg of manganese compared to the previous year.
The large quantities of methamphetamine seized in other countries, which are believed to be of Afghan origin, also indicate that production in the country is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that have legalized non-medical use of cannabis have seen an increase in its use.
The manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use is permitted in 11 jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical use of cannabis.
In the first two states to pass legislation, Colorado and Washington, non-medical use of marijuana by adults has increased, especially in the past month, and daily or near-daily use has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that the use of cannabis in Uruguay has increased since 2011, with the use almost doubling last month.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is the frequent and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also shows that usage is increasing as the legal market expands from 2018 to 2019.
However, in 2019, 40% of cannabis users still obtained some products from illegal sources.
Is legalization the reason behind the global plunge in cannabis seeds?
In 2018, global cannabis straw harvests fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to a decline in harvests in North America, which has declined by 84% over the past 10 years.
In comparison, seizures in the rest of the world nearly doubled during the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at opening up the cannabis market played a key role in the decline.
The effectiveness of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in the country is still difficult to assess.
Some countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different rates of new psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased following the adoption of national legislation.
The harm of legal and illegal drug markets to vulnerable groups The availability of opioids, medicinal drugs used for pain management and palliative care, is unevenly distributed across regions, mainly in high-income countries.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical use were in high-income countries.
About 50% of the world's population lives in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12% of the world's population.
It is estimated that 88% of the world's population lives in low- and middle-income countries, but less than 10% of the world's population consumes medicinal opioids.
Barriers to access to prescription opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems, and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing drug-related diseases, with 35.6 million people suffering from drug-related diseases in 2018.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug use disorders and exacerbate their consequences. Research in high-income countries confirms this, and in these studies, the socioeconomic trajectories of individuals that are disadvantaged are associated with the risk of drug use disorders, not just their situation at a particular point in time.
Drug use disorders also exacerbate socioeconomic disadvantages, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thus contributing to the vicious cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be related to the stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, minorities and migrants, diverse groups of sexual orientation, people displaced by armed conflict or disaster, and people in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug-related illnesses or have problems accessing treatment services.
The last decade has seen an increase in the impact of harmful drug use on wider society, according to the Disability Adjusted Life Years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of years of healthy life lost due to disability and premature death.
The global disability-adjusted life expectancy attributed to drug use increased by 17% between 2007 and 2018.
The disability-adjusted life years associated with liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C, common among injection drug users, are particularly high, with a 40% increase.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex and it is difficult to determine all the causal relationships between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggests that binge drinking may be a significant factor in deaths.
But alcohol seems to be more important than drugs in violence.
While drug use may lead to crime, in some cases this link can be attributed in part to a variety of intermediate factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
Where there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized crime, including international drug trafficking, is likely to be carried out in a non-violent manner.
In the short term, the presence and extent of violence depends less on the volume of trafficking than on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or incarceration of known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group over another.
The latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used drug, and opioids are the most harmful
It is estimated that in 2018, there were 189 million people who used cannabis, making it the most used drug in the world.
In comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
The dangers of opioids are being ignored because of the low number of users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the 21 million years of life lost in the United States are believed to be due to disability or premature death caused by drug use.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West, Central and North Africa, the opioid crisis is exacerbated by Kumamoto; in North America, it is Fentanyl. The two regions have little in common in terms of economics, demographics or general patterns of drug use, but are struggling to combat the opioid crisis fueled by the availability and low cost of the substance.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths over the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths reported in the United States were related to fentanyl.
Canada reports similar results, but with lower numbers.
The unpredictability of fentanyl in the illicit drug market is partly responsible for fentanyl overdose deaths.
The market for non-medical use of quinoa has grown significantly in West, Central and North Africa.
In the region, treatment for the use of curcumin is increasingly being used by patients with the disease.
In 2017, the global quantity of the Khumar has increased significantly, reaching a peak of over 125 tons.
But in 2018, global catches dropped to 32 tons after India passed a new law regulating the use of kumquats.
The two crises are due to the simplicity and low cost of manufacturing, as well as the lack of international regulation of Quimado and many of its Fentanyl analogues or precursors.
What makes the crisis worse is that these substances are available in both the drug and illicit markets, making it harder to detect and prevent their abuse.
Increased Use of Stimulants
The stimulant sector is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are increasingly used in its main markets.
In 2018, about 19 million people used cocaine, as cocaine became more popular in North America and Western Europe.
In the same year, around 27 million people used ketamine, with methylamine being the most commonly used ketamine stimulant in South East Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, the use of methamphetamine in these two regions has been expanding for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine coexist, sometimes interchangeably, such that as the use of one drug increases, the use of the other drug decreases, sometimes simultaneously increasing and decreasing to meet the demands of the same market.
Coronavirus pneumonia increases the risk of injecting drug users
It is estimated that 11.3 million people injected drugs in 2018 and that around 10% of HIV infections worldwide were caused by injecting drugs.
More than 1 million people injecting drugs are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million suffer from hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug use, half of them from hepatitis C-related liver disease, and most of the hepatitis C in injecting drug users remains untreated.
5 Opioid shortages caused by restrictive measures for necrotizing pneumonia may lead users to substitute more easily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
More harmful uses may occur as some users switch to injections or inject more frequently.
Redmi AirDots 2 is a wireless Bluetooth headset
How to use
Product description
Read the instructions carefully and store the product properly before use.
The headphones themselves are equipped with a central numbered ear sail, if you feel uncomfortable, you can use the headphones outside the headphones.
01 Wearing headphones
The earpiece is inserted into the ear canal slightly downward, and the headset is held in place with a slight tilt.
When you're talking, you can make your voice clearer by pointing the headphone microphone toward your mouth.
When changing calls, please adjust the headphones to expose the microphone.
Before using the charger, please remove the charging pins from the left and right side of the headset and charge the charger box and headset.
The plugged charging cable can charge both the headset and the charging case.
The charging box is not full. The charging indicator light is red. Charging after charging: 3 indicator lights off.
The headset is charged, the headset indicator light is lit red, the headset is charged, and the headset indicator light is lit white and then turned off after 1 minute.
02 Charging is on
The headphones are in the charging case, and the headphones are automatically turned on when taken out of the charging case.
The headphones are not in the charging case and are off, so the multifunction key is pressed for about 1 second (the white light is on for 1 second).
Length by about 1 second
White light on 1 second
Shut down
The headset is automatically turned off when placed in the charging case.
When on, hold the multifunction key for about 5 seconds (red light for 2 seconds)
The length of the button is about 5 seconds.
Red light on 2
03 Starting to use
Automatic connection: The pair moves the two headphones out of the charging time box.
The two goats were running, and the white lamp was lit.
Then red and white light returns six. Right and left pockets as if they were connected in series.
Wait for the left/right headset white light to flash. Open the device toothless search button RedmIArDots2 " and click on Finish Connecting.
After the first connection, the cyst starter can automatically reconnect the device to the last paired connection (Bluetooth required).
Please note:
If the connection fails, put the headset back in the charging case.
The longest one is about 1 second.
Headphone indicator light
Single-ear/dual-ear switching; two headphones are connected successfully as a twin; Putting one headphone back in the charging box, the other headphone enters single-ear mode, and again removed to automatically return to dual-ear mode.
Manual connection: When the headset is turned off, the two headphones are turned on manually. White light flashes, followed by red and white flashes, left and right headphones automatically connect, left / right headphone white flashes slowly, turn on the device Bluetooth search connection 。
Headset repositioning
If the headset is not connected properly, please refer to the following reset method
Headphones: Remove the charging case from the headphones, and press the two headphone keys for 15 seconds while the headphones are off, until the red and white lights alternate between flashing 3 times, then release and release the charging case.
The illustrations of product accessories, user interfaces and other illustrations in the 04 manual are illustrations, for reference only. Due to the updating and upgrading of the product, the product may differ slightly from the illustration. Please refer to the real ones.
The project was commissioned by Xiaomi Communications Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Changchun City Forward Technology Co., Ltd.
(Small chain of micro-ecosystems)
Address: 60 Industrial Avenue, Yang Street, Copper Liang District, Chongqing City
The telephone number for the service is 400-100-5678.
For more information about the event, please visit the sales website: www.micom.
The song is sung by V10reae.
Key features
The following functions can be operated on both the left and right headphones, by lightly pressing the incoming call to answer the call; during the call or disconnect, when the phone is switched off music, play / pause the audio, release for about 1 second
When you receive a call, switch to headphones/mobile phone to listen to the short double tap
In the call, on/off silent mode
When on standby, turn on voice assistant (requires device to support voice and turn on quick wake settings)
Answering the second call and switching calls
When a new call is placed on a mobile phone, the multifunction key can be pressed to hold the previous call and to pick up the second call; the double-tap multifunction key can be used to switch between two calls.
Basic parameters
The product name is Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphones.
The product is a TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of the headset
The product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43 mAh (with a single headset)
The input parameter is 5V × 100mA
Net weight per ear: about 4.1 g
Battery type: lithium ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 m (in an unobstructed vacuum environment)
Wireless connectivity: Bluetooth 5 0
Charge time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
The call lasted approximately 4 hours.
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 What to Watch For
Warning
1 Do not remove, repair or modify the headset for any reason, otherwise it may cause a fire or even complete damage to the product;
2 Do not place the device in an environment where the temperature is too low or too high.
3 Avoid the eyes of children or animals when using the device's indicator lights.
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorms, which may cause the device to operate abnormally and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
6 Do not touch the product with liquids.
Be careful
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended that the product be charged before use;
2 Chargers must be certified by the state CCC and produced by a legitimate manufacturer
3 The use of headphones for long periods of time can damage hearing, please control the time and volume of use;
4 Use earphones to reduce the sensitivity to outside sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments where there may be a threat to safety.
Basic parameters of the charging case
The product size: 62x40x272mm
The input parameter is: 5 1 500 mA
The output parameter is 5V/150mA.
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300 mAh
Type of electrical device: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 wireless headphones with Bluetooth
Redmi AirDots 2 wireless headphones with Bluetooth after-sales service
The three-pack after-sales service is implemented in accordance with the Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, and the service content is as follows:
I. Warranty policy
1 Within 7 days of the date of your order, if the product has a performance failure listed in the Redmi AirDots Wireless Bluetooth Headphones Product Failure Table, and it is detected by Xiaomi After-Sales Service Center, you can enjoy free return or exchange service;
2 Within 8-15 days from the date of your next check-out, the product will be tested by Xiaomi after-sales service center and the performance failure listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Failure table will be detected.
3 Within 12 months from the date of your order, the product has a Redmi ArDots 2 wireless Bluetooth headset with a performance failure listed in the Product Performance Failure table, and is detected by Xiaomi after-sales service center, free of charge for repair services.
A Redmi AirDots 2 wireless Bluetooth headset with a performance fault list
Name performance failure
1 No sound is heard during use.
Telephone earphones 2 During a call, the other person cannot hear the voice.
The battery is not charging.
07 Non-warranty provisions
1 Unauthorized repair, misuse, collision, negligence, minor use, leakage, accident, alteration, misuse of non-product accessories or tearing, alteration of labels or anti-counterfeiting markings;
2 three packages have expired;
3 damage caused by force majeure;
4 Failure to comply with the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure table
5 Redmi AirDots 2 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones Product Performance Failure caused by human error.
Name and content of harmful substances in the product
Hazardous substances are defined in this table in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the hazardous substance is present in all homogeneous materials of the component below the limit requirements of GB/T 26572.
EU officials: Reception process is a bottleneck - China News Network
EU summits fight over refugee policy, EU officials: bottlenecks at every step of the admission process
According to AFP, at the latest EU summit on February 10, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that EU leaders had agreed to a stricter policy on illegal immigration to make it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
The move was reportedly a response to the EU's growing concern about illegal immigration, which is now at the heart of the EU's problem with the small number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be returned.
According to the summit documents, EU leaders called on the Commission to immediately mobilize large amounts of EU funds to strengthen the external borders, including infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and its member states are still in dispute over the payment of fencing fees and other issues.
The EU funds will not cover the costs, Vanderleien has repeatedly said.
But diplomats from some member states say that if the EU can share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along the external border, it will free up national budgets and speed up the construction process.
European officials acknowledge that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee admission process, that limited admission capacity and overwhelmed immigration authorities in member states are unable to stop refugees from submitting a huge number of asylum applications in EU countries, and that the EU's refugee admission system is in near-permanent crisis, according to the European website Euractiv.
The European Commission estimates that the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, almost half as many as the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a principle of subsidiarity, whereby EU countries can return illegal migrants to their home countries based on a judgment of a court in another member state.
In addition, EU leaders also agreed to increase the use of the concept of safe countries, which would pave the way for the EU to develop a common list, the report said.
(Source: Global Times) The article was written by Kow Riefie.
US upgrade of silicon chips hits global semiconductor industry hard - China news
Recently, the US war on Huawei chips has escalated significantly, with the Netherlands and Japan agreeing to start regulating the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China under pressure from the US. Foreign media reports have reported that the US government is considering cutting all ties between US suppliers and Huawei companies, prohibiting US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei. The Biden administration is also preparing to issue an executive order restricting US investment in the sensitive Chinese technology industry.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its efforts to combat China's silicon chip development, while cracking down on China's semiconductor supply chain, while building a semiconductor industry chain alliance to make China look like China, in an attempt to completely open up China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to establish a silicon technology alliance with South Korea, or to establish a four-party alliance with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan in China, or to establish a semiconductor industry chain link by means of the US-Japanese-Indian-Australian Quadrilateral Mechanism and the Printing Sea Economic Framework, the United States is trying to build a closed production supply chain cycle led by the United States by introducing politicization, militarization, and weaponization.
However, the US's tactical victory over China was also a blow to the enemy's self-defense.
Recently, PanLinx, a well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, announced that it would lay off 1,300 full-time employees and 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters, due to the latest round of export bans on Chinese chip manufacturing equipment.
The global photogrammetry giant Asma Holding, a Dutch company, recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to higher semiconductor prices.
After the US government cracked down on industries such as chips and semiconductors in China, many US companies were hit hard, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, manufacturers of crystal manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The US is supposedly cracking down on China's advanced semiconductor industry, but instead dragging down the global semiconductor industry and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, which has long formed a tightly linked global semiconductor industry chain.
According to experts, the entire production process of semiconductor products based on specialized division of labor requires crossing the borders of countries more than 70 times, and the entire process takes 100 days.
Although the US semiconductor industry has a strong base, it is weak in manufacturing capacity, especially in advanced manufacturing processes, and heavily relies on East Asia.
Even if the US is able to steer the advanced chip supply chain towards a US-led small-circle regionalisation, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor industry is difficult to change.
The US is reshaping the semiconductor industry chain from China to China, creating a new global semiconductor industry.
The chip industry is the core of the future of the global industry, and the development of the chip industry is inseparable from the participation of all countries in the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, including the introduction of the Innovation and Competition Act, the US Competition Act, the US Chip and Science Act of 2022, the use of technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leadership; the use of allied technology to lure chip manufacturers such as Intel, TSMC, and Samsung to enter the US plant, and the efforts to ensure the US's global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the US has indeed created problems for China's chip industry and related industries, and reaped real benefits.
But in the long run, the hysterical US pushback against China's chip industry, which has been making breakthroughs, will cost it a huge Chinese market, and ultimately weaken the innovative will and ability of US tech companies, and damage the development of the global chip industry.
What is the name of the song?
First batch of personal pension property products on sale, with a minimum holding of 360 days - China News Network
The first personal pension property products are on sale
7 products from home institution to choose from, with a minimum of 360 days
The personal pension wealth management product is finally online.
On February 10, China Financial Network released the first batch of personal pension products, with seven personal pension products from Industrial Bank Financial, Farmers Bank Financial and China Post Financial officially released.
The shelves of the personal pension account are now filled with the four categories of personal pension savings, personal pension financing, personal pension insurance, and personal pension fund.
The first batch of personal pension products are all open-ended products of the public offering type, of which 5 are new products, 2 are ongoing products, except for 1 product for mixed products, the remaining 6 products are fixed income products.
The Beijing Youth Journalist saw that four of the five new products were from Industrial Banking and Finance, all of which are fixed income products, with the shortest holding periods of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, respectively, and the corresponding performance comparison benchmark (annual) was 3.70 % - 4.20 %, 4.10 % - 4.60 %, 4.40 % - 4.90 %, 5.25 % - 5.75 %.
The remaining new product is the shortest holding of 1095 days of the 1st series of the Zhongyuan Postbank Wealth, also a fixed income product, the call for tenders began on February 10 and ended on February 19, with a risk rating of second.
The two remaining products are the only one of the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the Chinese bank's financial products, the third level of the third level.
Another surviving product is the 365 Days of Wealth of the Bank of China, the shortest held by the Bank of China, the fixed income type, which was launched on December 30 last year and became operational on January 4 this year, with a cumulative net worth of $1.0011 as of February 8th.
According to the State Council Office of the State of the People's Republic of China on Promoting the Development of Individual Pensions, the funds that can be invested in an individual pension fund account include banking, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public fund, etc.
The first individual pension asset sales mark the official opening of individual pension investors to purchase assets through their individual pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (BCR) issued a temporary measure to regulate the personal pension business of commercial banks and financial institutions in Hong Kong.
The Participant's Personal Pension Fund Account is used to purchase Personal Pension Products such as Personal Pension Savings, Personal Pension Property Management, Personal Pension Insurance Products, Personal Pension Public Fund Products.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Social Affairs, the Ministry of Finance and the National Tax Administration issued a notice to start implementing the personal pension system in Beijing, Tianjin, and 36 pioneering cities and regions such as Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an New Area, Shanxi and Jining City in Hebei.
As of the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million participants and 6.13 million contributors to the individual pension system, with a total amount of 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only offered three categories of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension fund.
How should investors choose now that personal pension funds are also being pooled?
Experts from the R&D department of the bank said that the pilot-stage pension and personal pension products have three characteristics compared to other personal pension products.
The first is robustness, more robust risk management mechanisms, more robust investment strategies and philosophies, and the implementation of independent custody by non-parent third parties.
The second is long-term, the pilot phase of the term of the pension plan is 5 years or more, the next step of the personal pension plan, the minimum holding period is in principle 1 year, encouraging holding more than 3 years.
The third is the universality, the threshold for purchasing products is low, the starting point is generally 1 yuan, some are as low as 0.01 yuan, the cost of hosting, administration fees and other fees for products are more favorable.
Experts point out that investors should choose based on the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Individual pension savings have long term, high interest rate, high security characteristics, suitable for people with low risk tolerance; Individual pension insurance products are heavily secured, more suitable for people who cannot bear the investment risk, can accept stable returns; and Individual pension property management products and public fund products are not secured and do not guarantee returns, there is some investment risk, but the expected return is high, suitable for people with a certain financial knowledge, risk tolerance.
The article was written by Chen Chen, a reporter for the newspaper.
The fitness industry should be free of the crisis of trust - China News Network
Another big gym with thunderstorms?
Recently, the issue of fitness members' rights in well-known fitness organizations has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally, and then rumors about the closure of the runway caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of the Public Security and Human Resources departments.
Finally, the agency's relevant officials responded by promising to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of its employees and members, and the storm was only calmed.
The first reaction of many members was that it was a big deal, but the reason why some of the stores in individual fitness centers had problems with operations, temporarily closed, and consumers should have been calm and wait for the problem to be solved is because they were not satisfied with the results.
The health club membership advocacy wave is a deep-seated crisis of confidence in the industry.
The underlying logic behind the development of the traditional gyms in the country is the widespread adoption of pre-paid models, which eliminate the money that users cannot earn.
The new store, which is supposed to be a circular business, is a cash-flow-generating business, which is not a stable profit-making model.
The negative news about the gymnastics track and other industries has been a frequent source of negative news, which has had a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From a market perspective, gyms are certainly a lucrative business.
The gymnastics track has been the focus of capital attention, despite its ups and downs.
The number of data shows that the market is continuing to warm up, with the heat rising in areas such as the consumption of literature.
Specifically, the fitness market is growing with the steady improvement of the living standards of the residents, the concept of healthy living is deeply rooted in the hearts of people, and the fitness industry has a lot of potential.
The more the situation improves, the more the industry needs to focus on quality development.
However, the blind optimism of some institutions about the fitness market after the consumer recovery, just emerged from the crisis, and sounded the bell of opening up the territory, putting a part of the financing capital into the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that the pandemic has affected many institutions in recent years, with many departures, industry reshuffles, and powerful companies have now selectively increased their acquisition efforts and reorganized, which is not a new opportunity.
However, if the fitness market is to enter a virtuous cycle and move forward, the industry must change its traditional model and change its operating strategy.
Only by fighting hard and rebuilding the trust and security of consumers can we truly win the market and win the future.
The fitness industry needs to focus on optimizing services and developing high quality to secure users, rather than building new stores to take over the market.
First, the service is the way to retain users.
The gym is a service industry, and its essence is to adhere to the user-oriented approach, to be tightly around the needs of users, and to focus on the improvement of service quality.
Second, the user experience should be improved through digital transformation.
The popular online gym model, for example, allows users to pay by the hour and choose their own location.
At the same time, the use of physical and exercise data can be used effectively to meet social needs and complete the service loop from online to offline.
No private tutoring, no huge annual membership, less fear of the gyms and more confidence in the gyms.
The project is also about exploring the possibility of a more diverse workforce.
Today, sports consumption has moved from a single service to a scenario consumption, fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption, surrounding products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment needed for fitness or will be a new lever to provide consumers with more choice.
The world is changing.
Buy your refund!
Nanjing property market to pay for the price difference - China News Network
Yangon Evening News (Reporter Ma Zhongbo) Yangon Evening News / Zhuhai News reporter found in an interview on the 10th that the price guarantee agreement for the building, which has not been seen for more than ten years, has returned to the Nanjing real estate market. A property in Jiangbei New District claims that the price difference compensates for the building, and that the developer is willing to buy the house for the owner and refund the price difference.
The price guarantee agreement has many conditions.
The property in Jiangbei New District is called the Bolian Zhongyuan Tai, and the owner, Mr. Sun, told reporters that he found a brick declaration when he was looking at the property last weekend.
The pictures he sent to reporters showed the developers of the property promising that if the preferential discount for other housing sources in the project is greater than the discount for previous purchases of housing for all housing sources purchased between February 1 and February 28, from the date of signing the purchase contract and until the delivery of the corresponding housing source, the developer can change the housing for the buyer and refund the difference in price.
Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually a price guarantee agreement, the purpose is to make the buyer feel safe to go, without worrying about the development company's price reduction promotion, now that the price has been reduced, there is no time to go to the sales office, if not, it is really worrying.
Many buyers also believe that the price guarantee agreement is a good deal, even though it gives buyers a lot of money to settle their debts, but the conditions are not bad.
Ms. Liu, who is planning to buy a newly needed house in Jiangbei, said that the price of the house is first of all the same type of house, on the same floor, in the same unit, and the buyer can compare the price of the house with the price of the house, so the threshold is quite high.
Some buyers also believe that the information is asymmetrical, and that the sale does not exclude the possibility of an additional concession, which makes it difficult for the buyer to defend his rights.
The question of whether to keep the buyer is still to be seen.
The building was listed on the real estate website in November last year, with a total of 252 units in two floors, with a total area of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, and a total of 39843 yuan / m2 for the average price of the fully renovated sale.
However, over two months later, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the complex is 157, accounting for 62.3%, of which 128 units are on the 8th floor, 113 units are unsold, 44 of the 124 units on the 7th floor are unsold, and the total number of completed units in the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.
The market sources said that the price guarantee agreement was also used in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, in order to attract buyers, the company launched a price guarantee scheme, specifically promising the company that if the project's incentive margin expands within a year, the difference will be returned to the old owner.
In April 2011, nine other properties in Nanjing also offered to pay compensation for the difference in price.
The market is warming up, and a needle of heart-boosting medicine is needed.
Shen, a senior operator in the real estate industry in Nanjing, said that the price guarantee agreement is also one of the marketing methods of the real estate company.
He believes that developers need more confidence than home buyers, and that the introduction of the price guarantee agreement is actually encouraging them.
As for whether the buyers will be able to stay, he said it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as regulatory policies, the loan threshold and so on, which remains to be seen.
Taiwan's economy starts off badly - China News Network
Export trade volume has been on a five-month high, manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) has been down for seven consecutive months, consumer price index (CPI) has seen a rise of 3 characters... Recently, Taiwan authorities have released economic data for January 2023 in a row.
Experts analyzed the economic performance of Taiwan in the first half of the year, and the growth pressure was not small.
Taiwan's exports in January were $31.51 billion, down 21.2% year-on-year, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth, according to the Taiwanese Ministry of Finance.
The export volume of 11 major export categories declined compared to the same period last year.
Plastics and their products, optical devices, were the worst affected, down 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1% in the year, the biggest decline in 11 years.
Among them, the ICs fell by 18.3% a year, the biggest drop in 14 years.
The head of the statistics department, Juan Mena, said that this shows that the weakness in demand for consumer electronics has spread and the electronics industry is entering a correction period.
Taiwanese imports and exports doubled in January, to $2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years, according to statistics.
The Ministry of Finance believes that the decline in global terminal demand, the industry adjustment of inventory suppressed the willingness of manufacturers to buy raw materials, the export boom is unlikely to improve in the short term, and Taiwan's export recession in the first quarter of this year is higher than expected.
According to the China Institute of Economic Research, the seasonally adjusted PMI for Taiwan's manufacturing industry was 40.4% in January, down 3.3 percentage points from December, the seventh consecutive month of contraction.
In the system of economic monitoring indicators, the PMI is the upward trend line at 50%, and the index is greater than 50%, representing an expansion in the economy, as opposed to contraction.
January Taiwan PMI Five components: new orders, production and employment contraction, delivery time decline of suppliers, and stock contraction.
The six largest industries reported total PMI contraction, with the following industries ranked by contraction rate: power pump machinery and equipment industry (35.1%), electronics and optics industry (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), basic raw materials industry (42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%) and food and textile industry (45.7%).
Taiwan's CPI rose by 3.04 percent in January, breaking the 3 percent mark it had seen since July last year, according to the Office of the Comptroller General of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
The price of vegetables has soared by 28.25%, a 17-month high.
The special commissioner of the Taipei Provincial Government, Cao Zhijian, said that the price increase was indeed higher than expected, excluding the Spring Festival factor, and the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71 percent compared to December last year, while inflationary pressure is still present and remains at a high point.
Experts are pessimistic about the Taiwanese economy, the reporting of the Taiwanese media, the report of the Taiwanese news agency, and the report of the Yahoo financial news.
Professor Yang Tan, from the Department of Economics at the Central University of Taiwan, said the export slump could cause cash flow problems for export manufacturers and increase the risk of debt default.
At the same time, the decrease in orders has led to manufacturers cutting labor costs, affecting the labor market and household finances, which in turn has impacted consumer spending.
The Taiwan Institute of Economics researcher, Mr. Tan Da-chan, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and the United States is uncertain this year, demand continues to contract, and Taiwan's export recession is expected to continue into the first half of the year.
Taiwan's economy is export-led and will suffer from a slowdown in exports, so the full-year growth will be lower than last year.
The importance of hydrogen as a driver of global recovery - China News Network
The Chinese economy has shown great resilience in the face of the coronavirus pandemic.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
In an interview with the Huffington Post, Julio Ríos, a well-known Chinese expert and honorary advisor to China Policy Observatory, said that the current Chinese epidemic is entering a new phase of prevention and control, and the dynamism of economic and social development will be further released.
In the face of the shock of unexpected factors, China has responded with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, which fully reflect its economic resilience and management level, said Rios.
China is determined to expand its opening up to the outside world, while the internal dynamics of economic development are increasing, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing in tandem.
Every year, two national meetings are held in China, representing the members of the Communist Party of China to discuss the development plans of the country and the hot issues of the Communist Party, to gather consensus, to gather people's hearts and to gather wisdom, to add strength to China's development.
Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and is now entering a high-quality development stage.
The international community looks forward to China's wisdom and Chinese programs, and to China's development as a new opportunity for the world.
The Chinese government is pushing hard for technological innovation, injecting new impetus into economic and social development, investing more money, training talent and policy incentives, which will keep China vibrant in the new five-year plan, said Purios.
In Rio's view, reforming the economic system is a difficult task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, China has used the strengths of the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system to take proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Around the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, increasing financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of private enterprise, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing, adhering to innovative development, promoting employment, improving the income and living standards of the Chinese people, meeting the needs of the people's multi-layered and diversified consumption... China's complete, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development concept, focusing on promoting high-quality development and building a new development pattern, will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
The recovery of the economy after the coronavirus pandemic is a common goal of the international community.
The unleashing of China's economic potential will bring more benefits to the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
The Minister expressed hope that the Belt and Road Cooperation will continue to play its important role in improving the level of infrastructure in the countries and enhancing the interconnectivity in all fields, and continue to release greater momentum.
The article was published in the Madrid Telegraph.
The video was posted on the social media platforms of the two main political parties.
Report: Number of international students returning to their home countries to seek jobs in 2022
The top 10 countries for students to study abroad to find jobs in 2022
The report of the China Expatriation Employment Survey (CES) for 2022 (hereinafter referred to as the "Expatriation Survey") released by Xinhua Beijing on February 11 (Minghui) shows that the number of international students returning to China for employment has increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the demand for overseas talent by Chinese enterprises has also increased.
The report notes that since 2020, the number of overseas students seeking jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of overseas students returning to China to seek jobs has increased.
The number of international students returning to their home countries for work in 2022 is even higher, with an increase of 8.6% in the number of international students in 2022 compared to 2021.
The UK has the highest proportion of students returning to study abroad for work, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the US (9%), which is consistent with 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore will increase significantly in 2022 with a year-on-year growth of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of international students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia decreased year-on-year.
The supply and demand of talent for the first week after the 2023 Spring Festival
The survey shows that 58% of the students who decided to return to their home country thought that they would have a better life in the country, 40% decided to return because they were more familiar with the cultural environment in the country, 32% thought that they would have more opportunities for employment in the country, and 22% thought that the recovery of the domestic economy would accelerate and provide more employment opportunities.
The data shows that the demand for overseas talent is rapidly unlocked by domestic companies, and the demand for repatriated talent is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival 2023, the number of priority posts and the number of expatriates seeking jobs in the country rose, with the number of priority posts on February 3 increasing by 11% and the number of expatriate job seekers by 27% compared to January 28.
Education/training is the largest sector of the 2022 priority migration jobs, accounting for 27.8%, followed by professional services/consulting, Internet/e-commerce with 14.3% and 11.1% respectively.
Changes in the number of expatriates seeking work in China in recent years
The average recruitment salary for the priority positions in the country of origin has increased for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month in 2022 (in yuan, see below), an increase of 961 yuan/month from 13,719 yuan/month in 2021, an increase of 7% [2].
By geography, the willingness of the returnee group to travel to new tier 1, 2 and 3 cities and below has increased in 2022 with a delivery rate of 31%, 15.7% and 14.3% respectively, higher than the delivery rate in 2021.
For the study abroad, 52.7% of the returnees said that the return was mostly in line with expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of the returnees indicated that they were returning home more or much more than expected, up from 25.4% in 2021.
(finished)
The cost savings are half or more?
The price of integrated oral implantation services in Henan Province
The idea of dental implants is an ideal option for many people with tooth loss, but the price of a tooth has been so high that many patients have been turned away.
This year, as the planting of the tooth is accelerating, the price reduction of the tooth will be added to the agenda.
As of February 10, the price of a single conventional dental implantation in Henan Province is set at 4,300 yuan, and the cost of a single conventional implantation is not higher than 97% of the target.
Dental implants are a form of dental restoration that support and fix the upper dentition by implanting lower structures within the bone tissue.
The reporter learned from the University of Yangzhou First Affiliated Hospital that the price of a single conventional plant, from planting to final restoration, is about 167,000 yuan.
Patient Hoon: After the new policy, my doctor told me that in my situation, it would be more than 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, basically half of the savings.
On the basis of the existing projects, Henan province also integrated the determination of 15 oral implantation medical service price projects such as the cost of gum implantation (single) gum, and unified the development of the price of provincial public health institutions and health insurance payment categories, and canceled or adjusted 20 medical service price projects such as dental implantation.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Department of Drug Price and Tender Procurement of Zhengzhou City Health Insurance Bureau: The main benefits are four, one is health insurance, the cost of health insurance is less; the hospital is less occupied, the patient will increase appropriately; a market for suppliers is obtained; the biggest benefit for our patients is that the cost of a tooth transplant may be reduced by half or more.
Shenzhen: China's first and world's leading ultra-fast pioneer city
According to the Shenzhen Industrial and Information Technology Bureau, Shenzhen City Industry and Information Technology Bureau recently released Shenzhen City's pioneering urban construction action plan.
The report proposes to build a high-speed, high-capacity, low-latency super-broadband network by the end of 2023, to achieve the goal of building a network of 2 gigabit, full-light, 1 millisecond, and everything-connected networks, and to create the first and world-leading high-speed pioneer city in the country.
The project is called "The Gigabit Light Network" and it is proposed to be upgraded.
By the end of 2023, 10G PON ports will account for 100% of the total number of light industrial parks (LIPs) in China.
The plan calls for a comprehensive upgrade of the 5G network's energy efficiency.
The study will develop the Shenzhen 5G network service quality specification standards, carry out 5G network test evaluation, and improve the quality of 5G network service.
Supporting basic telecommunications companies to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and locations, adding 10,000 new 5G base stations throughout the year, reaching an average download rate of 500Mbps, upstream rate of 100Mbps, download rate of 1000Mbps in key areas, upstream rate of 200Mbps, and significantly improving network speed and user experience.
The project is aimed at building a high-quality, urban-grade wireless LAN.
Develop WLAN service specifications for public places, and promote the upgrading of WLANs in areas with high population density and information consumption needs in all districts of the city, providing gigabit access capabilities.
The city of Shenzhen is building a unified certification and regulatory platform for the public wireless local area network, implementing one-time certification, wireless roaming, and smart switching, and supporting operators to incorporate a community-built AP (wireless access point) with public service capabilities into the certification and regulatory platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of APs to be upgraded will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the plan also proposes to build high-quality all-photo power networks, build a multi-layered computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communications network facilities, and improve the service capability of Internet applications.
The project is a clear, collaborative, and interconnected system of perception.
Explore the possibility of building a management model for the construction of urban sensing terminals based on open source operating system, reduce the cost of docking, accelerate the construction of urban-level IoT sensing platform, promote the network and data interconnection of urban IoT platforms and professional IoT platforms in all fields.
Deepening the application of IoT sensing in urban management, public services, public safety, and transportation, and expanding fixed sensing such as urban roads, buildings, and public facilities, and mobile sensing collection channels such as smart connected cars.
By the end of 2023, the number of sensing terminals for the IoT in hydropower will exceed 9 million, and 20 multifunctional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The plan also calls for strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communications, laying out low-altitude network infrastructure, and advancing the 5G network depth coverage at sea.
The project will also promote the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, build an eco-system for industrial innovation, and support the organization of top-level competitions and events.
(Cantonese finance)
How can we make the content of the e-commerce industry in China a winner?
- China News Network
The Chinese e-commerce industry is emerging with a new variable called "Changes", and how can we make the content of the goods "Wang Yi"?
Sharp, a financial journalist from China News
We started e-commerce late, but we realized from the beginning that it was important to have content to stand out from the millions of stores.
Fan Fang, a late 90s girl from Guangdong, now runs a nutrition store at the Xiang Electric Company, bringing a 30-year-old offline store online.
The video is a great way to learn about the history of the country, the history of the people who lived in the country, the history of the people who lived in the country, the history of the people who lived in the country, the history of the people who lived in the country, the history of the people who lived in the country.
At the recent "Quality Content Sharing" event, Arfang spoke as a representative of high-quality creators, and described the experience of creating everyday.
She said: "The video of my cooking has attracted a lot of attention from netizens, many of them are interested in my cooking and want to cook with me, so the door is open".
The Crab
The video of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast of the live broadcast.
With the development of short videos and live streaming services, people are entering a new phase of requirements and standards for content from e-commerce.
In the early days of live delivery, the live broadcaster often used low prices to attract customers, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, both the phenomenon of the Big V, such as the Hong Kong and Eastern Selection, and many unknown celebrities and businessmen in the vertical segment have emerged, who have improved long-term operating efficiency by continuously creating quality content that matches their brand tone.
According to Gao Yao, the head of Star Author Operations at Deng Xiaoping, 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through Deng Xiaoping in the past year, with a 252% increase in content creation and more than doubling their total revenue.
Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving and vibrant ecosystem of authors.
The video was posted on the social media site of the government.
The Beijing Normal University Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform has previously released the content ecological health index of the e-commerce industry (ECHI) report, which analyzes the importance of high-quality content in the current e-commerce industry from the data dimension. The index is used to evaluate the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in the country.
According to the E-commerce Content Ecological Health Index ranking of the above report, ZTE, Fast Company, Taobao, Badoo, and JDT are in the top five.
The report argues that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept, which is to integrate e-commerce with content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user original content) is the quality of the integration with e-commerce carriers, the higher the value of the content platform, the more abundant the consumption and promotion of the scene, the greater the possibility of e-commerce implantation, the stronger the commercial value, the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption of this gradual integration of components in the public and private sectors.
The report was analyzed and interpreted by Professor Liang Guo-ming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication at Peking Normal University and chairman of the Professional Committee on Economics and Management of the Chinese Media.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from the e-commerce consumer's ease of access to the e-commerce consumer's quality of e-commerce, and that quality, professional and differentiated content is the e-commerce industry's hard currency.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and catalyst for the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge payment, professional knowledge, KOL (key opinion leader) has become the standard in e-commerce live broadcasting.
Looking ahead to the future of e-commerce, Guo Ming made two suggestions.
One is from the perspective of improving the content structure, promoting the overall improvement of the ecological health level and quality of e-commerce content, creating positive content creation and management standards, and achieving the content ecological health system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce industry.
Another is the synergy and co-creation of value in the external environment to achieve a healthy development of the content e-commerce industry from the external ecological point of view.
The future e-commerce industry also needs more data and artificial intelligence support to form predictions for future development stability; In addition, to provide more regulated and healthy growth space for merchants, to realize the value synergy of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and to co-create a healthy content ecosystem.
(It's over now)
NBS to launch financing and securities trading next week - China News Network
The Beijing Stock Exchange will officially launch its financing and securities trading business on February 13th, after the approval of the China Securities and Exchange Commission. Securities companies that have obtained the BSE's financing and securities trading authorization can accept investors' mandates to declare financing and securities transactions to the BSE.
The first 56 shares of the funded securities were listed on 31 January 2023 as the base date for the calculation.
The list of stocks and securities that are eligible for financing will be published on the NPC website in the "Financing and Financing Information" column for investors to consult.
The financing of the securities market is an important fundamental system and a more mature method of trading in the international securities market.
On September 2, the first anniversary of the company's founding, Northeast Exchange publicly asked for comments on its financing and securitization business.
The launch of the BSE financed securities trading is an important step in the continuous advancement of the BSE market system, improving the trading mechanism and improving the secondary market pricing function.
The system of financing and financing is conducive to enriching the trading strategy of investors, meeting the diversified trading needs of investors, promoting market price discovery, and further enhancing market liquidity.
In the next step, NBS will continue to do all the necessary safeguards for financing and financing business under the leadership of the China Securities and Exchange Commission, and will focus on creating a first-class exchange for innovative SMEs to serve investors' needs and to enrich the trading system tools, improve the relevant support mechanism.
The 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Forum in Beijing, China, was attended by Mr. Ho Li Pei, who delivered the keynote speech
The 16th China-Japan Energy Saving and Environmental Protection Forum was held in Beijing on February 11th, with a combination of online and offline activities.
The members of the Politburo of the CPC Central Committee and the Chairmen of the National Development and Reform Commission of the CPC attended the main forum and delivered keynote speeches.
The forum is an important step in implementing the consensus reached at the meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao in Bangkok and in strengthening China-Japan cooperation on green development.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th CPC General Assembly, accelerate the green transition of the development path, deeply promote the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon neutrality, jointly promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, greening and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation-intensive and green low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to further deepen green and low-carbon industrial cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and human exchange, and promote green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy and Industry, Shiro Mishima, attended the main forum and delivered the keynote speech.
The forum was organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce and Industry of Japan, and the China Economic Association. It included the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency, automotive electrification and intelligent, hydrogen energy, and China-Japan long-term trade.
Representatives of the governments, companies and institutions of the two countries exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operation in Turkey, rescues 4 trapped people
According to the Ministry of Emergency Management website, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team that was searching for the Turkish soldiers sent three operations teams, 45 rescue workers, and rescued one trapped person.
Two search assessment teams were also sent to assess and search the 15-block building on Wodabash Avenue.
So far, four people have been rescued, five people have been found, and 25 buildings have been collapsed, with life signs and risk assessments being carried out.
The rescue team will continue to conduct the rescue work in depth, scientifically adjusting the rescue force according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue scene.
The rescue team has been collecting information on the rescue calls through various channels, including embassies, local governments, and UN relief organizations, and verifying them one by one through various means, including online inquiries and on-site searches.
The Chinese Hong Kong rescue team was briefed on the current situation of the rescue environment and the collapse of the building, and joint search operations were carried out.
The Regional Coordination Committee (SSC5) is currently working with the Italian Rescue Team, and has sent three teams to the Regional Rescue Coordination Center (RRC) No. 5, to communicate with the teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia and Oman, and to learn about the rescue efforts of the United Nations and the international rescue teams.
The rescue team will continue to strengthen the safety management and protection of the team, in accordance with the principle of unified command and safety first, strengthen the safety control of the rescue site, strengthen the discipline requirements of the rescue work, and clarify the safety precautions.
Continuing to operate the system of shift and sentry duty, and strengthening the security management in the camp area.
The medical staff of the rescue team provides medical services to the team every day, strengthens the medical coverage of key personnel, and currently the health of all rescue team members, carrying out the cleaning of the camp.
After the establishment of the camp, the logistics security team built 26 tents of 4 categories, such as command communication, equipment storage, medical disinfection, living accommodation and dog shelters, and more than 30 sets of field rescue equipment.
Xinhua commentator: Advancing China-style modernization is a systemic engineering, Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the opening of the 20th Party Spirit Seminar
China's modernization is a systematic process: Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the opening of the 20th Party Spirit Seminar
The Chinese government has not yet responded to the report.
The Chinese modernization is a systemic project that requires overall planning, system planning, overall promotion, correct handling of top-level design and practice exploration, strategy and strategy, compliance and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and openness to a series of important relationships.
At the opening ceremony of the 20th Seminar of the Party and Socialist Ideas of Xi Jinping in the New Era of China, where members of the Central Committee of the New Progress, candidate members of the Central Committee and key leadership cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels learned to implement Xi Jinping's socialist ideas and the party's twenty major spiritual workshops, General Secretary Xi Jinping grasped the rules of modernisation construction, elaborated on a series of important relationships that need to be dealt with in practice, and provided a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
To promote Chinese-style modernization in all fields, including economic, political, cultural, social, ecological and civilization, and in all aspects of relations between the party and the state, military and military, domestic and foreign affairs, and defense, we must make a systematic plan, but also dare to reform and innovate, and continuously achieve overall progress.
Top-level design requires a deep insight into the world's development trends, an accurate grasp of the common aspirations of the masses of people, a deep exploration of the laws of economic and social development, so that the planned and policy systems reflect the times, grasp the regularity, be creative, and achieve close integration, upward consistency and content coordination.
The promotion of Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory endeavor, and there are many unknown areas that need to be explored boldly in practice, and the development of the cause through reform and innovation should never be pursued with a heavy heart.
The strategic question is a fundamental question of a political party, of a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must strengthen the forward-looking nature of the strategy, foresee the future and lead the future with a scientific strategy; we must strengthen the holistic nature of the strategy, focus on solving the major problems of the party and state affairs, and move quickly to solve the major problems of the whole; we must strengthen the stability of the strategy, and once the strategy is formed, we must persist in the long term, grasp it to the end, and do good work.
To grasp the dialectical unified relationship of strategy and strategy scientifically, organically combine the principle of strategy and the flexibility of strategy, flexible maneuver, random stress, critical decision, grasp strategic initiative in the context of geographical convenience, momentum, and progress.
The Chinese nation is a nation of innovation.
To deal with the relationship between reform and innovation, we must not only preserve the essence and source of Chinese-style modernization, but also unwaveringly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, and put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, comply with the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize the changes and challenges, vigorously promote reform and innovation, constantly shape new development and innovative new strengths, and fully inspire the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is the important foundation of fairness, and fairness is the strong guarantee of efficiency.
We are advancing Chinese-style modernization, both to create greater efficiency than capitalism, and to more effectively maintain social equity, and better achieve efficiency and equity in harmony, mutually promoting and unifying.
To manage relations efficiently and fairly, to achieve development for the people, development by the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the benefits of modern construction are more equitable for all people.
To advance Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to deal with the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both vibrant and stable.
To integrate the two great issues of development and security, implement the overall national security concept, improve the national security system, enhance the capacity to maintain national security, firmly maintain the security of the national regime, the security of institutions, ideological security and security in key areas.
Taking security factors into account in development, enhancing national security strength through development, using the achievements of development to strengthen the foundation of national security, and creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously stimulating development vitality, achieving high quality development and high level of security.
To advance Chinese-style modernization, we must not only follow our own path, but also expand our worldview, remain open to the outside world, and constantly expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must insist on independence, self-reliance, self-strengthening, insist on putting the development of the nation and the nation on the basis of our own strength, insist on holding the fate of our country's development and progress firmly in our own hands.
We must continue to expand our high-level opening to the outside world, participate in the division of labor and cooperation in global industry, use domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, share development opportunities and create a better future in mutual benefit.
The paths of the righteous lead to the place of safety.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and under the guidance of Xi Jinping's New Era Socialist Thought Science, grasp the rules, work hard, fully exercise our enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, properly handle a series of important relationships, and actively and continuously open up new frontiers of Chinese-style modernization in the new journey of building a comprehensive socialist modern state.
The Biden administration on Friday blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the balloon spy program.
The US Commerce Department said the five Chinese companies and one research institute helped modernize the Chinese military, especially its aerospace programs, including its aircraft carriers and aircraft.
The blacklisted companies have a hard time getting their technology exported to the US.
The list is called the Entity List, and companies on it will not be able to buy technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies included in the blacklist are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., the 48th Institute of China Electronics and Technology Group, Dongguan Liangqiang Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Xiamen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Xiamen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Before that, the White House said it was considering broader measures to expose and deal with the larger scale of Chinese surveillance that threatens US national security.
The balloon incident has further heightened tensions between China and the United States, with US Secretary of State Blinken cancelling a planned visit to China.
The Chinese government has criticized the US for its heavy interference in the US embassy in China, which was hit by the US air strike on February 4, and for the damage it has caused to the efforts and processes of stabilizing China-US relations.
Based on the evidence of the wreckage and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon had a direct relationship with the People's Liberation Army of China and was a supplier approved by the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained its position on the accidental entry of a Chinese unmanned aircraft into US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the Foreign Ministry website, she added that the relevant resolution of the US Congress is a pure political manipulation and a hoax.
The Chinese side strongly disagrees and strongly opposes this.
Matthew Axelrod, assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce, said: "Today's actions demonstrate our collective efforts to identify and stop China's use of spy balloons that have violated U.S. and over 40 other countries' airspace".
The Crab
Reuters reported that an employee of Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. in Guangzhou said he was not aware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the US has not yet commented on the information.
The video is from the BBC.
© 2023 German Voice Copyright Statement: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without permission.
Any misconduct will result in restitution and criminal prosecution.
The hope of finding survivors has been fading for days after the earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria, but the relief of the rescuers on Saturday was the rescue of five people.
The five-member family was rescued from the rubble in the town of Nurdai, in the heavily affected province of Gaziantep, after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days, according to the Associated Press.
Rescuers pulled the mother and daughter from the rubble and then found the father, but he insisted on saving his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, the crowd shouted for joy.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also rescued in the harsh cold weather.
What day is today?
The boy, who was trapped under the rubble for 129 hours, asked the rescuers to save him after he was brought back to the surface.
A man in Kahramanmaraş holds his newly rescued cat
The miraculous rescue successes have given a new lease of life to the hopeful search and rescue effort, but at the same time, the number of victims is rising.
According to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has already killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, while the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated at more than 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for up to a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly tenuous.
Rescuers are still using thermal imaging to look for signs of life under the rubble.
Meanwhile, the focus of the rescue effort has shifted to helping survivors who are in dire need of help.
UN official: The region is facing a 100-year-old disaster
Martin Griffiths, the UN Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, told a news conference in Turkey that the earthquake was the worst disaster to hit the region in a century.
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as exceptionally brave.
He also told Reuters reporters that he hoped to be able to provide relief to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but that the situation was unclear.
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief funds to help people in Syria's earthquake-hit areas.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced $25 million for the disaster relief efforts in Turkey and Syria.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Chile earthquake of 1960
At 3:11 pm local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a magnitude of 9.5 on the Richter scale.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami that hit the Chilean coastline, raising waves as high as 25 meters.
The tsunami reached as far as Japan and the Philippines.
The number of people killed and the economic damage caused by such a catastrophe is unknown.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The Great Alaska Earthquake of 1964 is a notable example of this phenomenon.
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, and it was also the day of the Passion of Jesus.
The largest earthquake in North American history, measuring 9.2 on the Richter scale, occurred on this day in Alaska, USA.
The Alaska earthquake was the third largest earthquake on record until 2006.
A fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate broke at Prince William Bay near College Cove during the earthquake.
The earthquake lasted for 3 to 5 minutes in most areas.
The sea floor shifted and triggered a huge tsunami, 67 meters high.
Schools and many businesses were closed as it was a holiday.
The earthquake killed 139 people.
Nine of them died directly from the earthquake, and another 130 died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The 1976 Tangshan earthquake
On July 28, 1976, two earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred in 16 hours in Tangshan City and Funan County, Hebei Province, China.
The quake was centered 23 kilometers above the ground.
The city of Tangshan was completely destroyed, with all traffic, communications, water and electricity cut off.
The strongest tremors were felt in Beijing, the capital, 140 kilometers away.
According to official statistics, the earthquake killed 242,769 people and seriously injured 164,851 people in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake was the second deadliest earthquake in recorded history in China, after the Great Quetzalcoatl Earthquake of 1556.
But overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may have killed at least 650,000 people.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On 26 December 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 km off the western coast of Aceh, Sumatra, Indonesia, with a magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3 at a depth of 30 km.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with waves ranging from 15 to 30 meters high.
The worst affected areas include the Indonesian province of Indochina, Thailand's Penang and Phuket resort areas, Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The quake was a major natural disaster that occurred in the area of the city of New York, in the summer of 2011 and caused a massive influx of tourists and locals, which led to many tourists who were on holiday on the beach and locals who worked on the beach being swept away by the tsunami, leaving many people missing.
The death toll and the number of missing persons is estimated to be at least 300,000.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The 2008 Wenchuan earthquake
A major earthquake occurred in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan Province, China on May 12, 2008.
According to the China Earthquake Bureau, the quake had a magnitude of 8.2 and a magnitude of 8.3, with an area of more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake has killed 69,227 people, left 17,923 missing, injured 374,643 people of varying degrees, and left 330,000 people homeless, with a total population of 4,625,600.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and the deadliest since the Great Tangshan Earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council announced that May 12 would be designated as National Day for Disaster Prevention and Mitigation, to increase public education and awareness of disaster prevention and mitigation.
Since then, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools have held earthquake drills on this day every year.
The school has also started to emphasize the importance of earthquake and disaster prevention education.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The 2010 Haiti earthquake
On January 12, 2010, a magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurred in the Caribbean island nation of Haiti.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of the capital, Port-au-Prince, and about 13 kilometers above the surface.
The International Committee of the Red Cross estimates that about 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The Haitian government has announced that the confirmed death toll is over 200,000.
In some parts of Haiti, up to 90% of the houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite the massive aid and support from the international community, the overpopulated and corrupt poor country has never recovered from the disaster.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The Great Northeast Japan Earthquake of 2011
A magnitude 9.0 earthquake struck off the northeast coast of Japan on March 11, 2011.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture. The epicenter was measured at a depth of 24 kilometers and triggered a huge tsunami that reached a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
The earthquake was the first earthquake to exceed a magnitude of 9 since Japan's record-keeping began.
Some 22,000 people were killed in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was affected by the tsunami and the leakage.
The accident was classified as the 7th worst in the International Nuclear Event Classification (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to measurements of trace radioactive material worldwide, including uranium-131, uranium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years).
The accident released a large amount of radioactive isotopes into the Pacific Ocean.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people are in dire need of food in the Syrian-Turkish conflict zone.
In Syria alone, up to 5.3 million people were displaced by the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) is appealing for $77 million to provide food to people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
The weather is now below freezing and many people are homeless.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to get to the many people in need.
In Syria, which has been in the throes of a civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has added to the suffering of the people.
In the four days after the earthquake, the World Food Programme (WFP) has provided food assistance to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma and emergency surgery.
The video was posted on the social media site of the government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
© 2023 German Voice Copyright Statement: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without permission.
Any misconduct will result in restitution and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police department calls for public to beware of fake SMS scam by fake telecom companies
The police recently discovered a number of cases of fraudulent telecommunications, where criminals have faked the company to send fraudulent SMS with a link to the website to the owner, in order to get the points to be exchanged as soon as possible, and to entice the fraudster to log into the fake website for exchange.
The clerk entered the credit card information and verification code as instructed, and immediately received a notification from the financial institution that the credit card had an unknown consumption record, suspecting that the credit card information had been stolen from the above-mentioned website.
The message was not sent by the telecommunications company.
The Sheriff's Office calls on citizens to be vigilant when receiving such text messages, not to log on to the website linking to the text message or provide any personal information, and to be extra cautious when asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, transaction verification codes, and to prevent credit card theft.
Tips to prevent fraud:
1. Increased attention to cybersecurity information and awareness of personal security;
2. Avoid random access to unknown websites and register personal and credit card information on the websites to avoid theft;
3. Be alert to fake and phishing websites and ensure that the URLs of the websites are in full agreement with the official websites;
4. Install anti-virus software on mobile phones, mobile devices or computers and update it regularly;
5. In case of suspicion of fraud or other crime, the police department should immediately call the Fraud Prevention Hotline 8800 7777 or the Crime Reporting Hotline 993.
NEWS GOV-MO: Hong Kong's largest delegation visits Macau's tourist attractions to attract visitors and expand connectivity between Macau and Hong Kong
The Hong Kong Tourism Board organized a large delegation of over 100 people from the Hong Kong government's tourism department, the tourism industry and media representatives to Macau, with a two-day (10th and 11th) schedule. In addition to working meetings and industry talks, Hong Kong travel industry and media representatives visited several tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macau, introducing the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market, while promoting geographical tourism, and jointly developing the Macau-linked online travel market.
Visitors to Macau introduce new ways of traveling
The 100th Hong Kong delegation, including leading officials from the Hong Kong government's tourism-related departments, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators in Hong Kong and Macau, and about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, online media representatives and bloggers / netizens, visited Macau to exchange experiences, learn about the latest tourism resources in Macau, and bring new ways of Macau tourism to Hong Kong residents and visitors to the port, using the advantages of Hong Kong's transport hub to expand the Macau-Macau connectivity and tourism market.
Two days of intensive travel, business opportunities, and publicity
The two-day visit included a group tour of the World Heritage Site, Macau Historic District, Macau Motorcycle Museum, a guided tour of the Samba Bar, the Samba Bar Bar, an immersive digital experience exhibition, Macau Wine Bar, the Old Quarter of Macau, and several large resort hotels and facilities: Upper Portugal, The Karl Lagerfeld, the Imperial Palace, the American Lion and the Maccabi, Perth, Macau Londoners, Macau Galaxy, the new Artelli multi-dimensional art space and the supernatural space of the Macau Venetians, TeamLab.
The mission members will share Macau tourism resources and experiences with Hong Kong residents through visits to Macau tourism facilities, and experience Macau tourism + Macau elements, and integrate Macau's latest tourism products to promote and sell them to Hong Kong residents.
Hong Kong to attract tourists, expanding connectivity with Macau
Taking advantage of the reopening of the gate, the Tourism Bureau launched a publicity campaign in the Hong Kong market and launched various promotions, including the launch of a return ticket to Hong Kong and Macau, and the launch of new promotional videos on online and offline platforms.
Following the invitation last month to Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to visit Australia and Hong Kong netizens to experience Macau Tourism + Macau, this time again Hong Kong tourism industry and media representatives will visit Australia to increase market promotion efforts to attract Hong Kong travelers to Australia to stay and consume, the two industries will work together to expand the Hong Kong-Australia connectivity and tourism market, and expand the domestic to overseas markets, to promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both countries.
Xi Jinping encourages Chinese medical team to speak Chinese story with practical actions to benefit local people
Xi Jinping encourages medical team members to speak up for China by doing good deeds to benefit the local people
The film is directed by Lee Kang-hoon and written by Lee Kang-hoon.
Xinhua Beijing February 10th, Xinhua News Agency Chinese Communist Party Central Secretary General, President Xi Jinping, Chairman of the Central Military Commission, wrote back to the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams in the Central African Republic on February 9, extending greetings and best wishes to them and to the medical teams of the broad foreign aid.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you are the white-robed angels who rescue the dead and wounded, and the friendly messengers who convey your sympathy, overcoming the difficulties of working life in Central Africa and serving the local people with your heart.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the Chinese medical team's deployment, and we would like to express our sincere condolences to our comrades who are carrying out medical missions abroad and those who have done so.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace, value life, and that foreign medical aid is a living manifestation of this.
We hope that you will not forget your original intention, remember your mission, and strive to uphold the hard work, dedication, and love of the Chinese medical team in Xinjiang, and that you will benefit the local people with kindness and generosity, and tell the story of China with practical actions, and make a greater contribution to promoting the construction of a community of human health and health.
The medical aid is an important part of our foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent its first medical team to Algeria.
In 60 years, the organization has sent 30,000 medical teams to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, treated 290 million patients, and won widespread international praise.
Currently, the team works in 115 health centres in 56 countries, almost half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Eleven members of the 19th battalion of the Chinese-African medical team wrote to General Secretary Xi Jinping to report on the implementation of the Party's 20th spirit, the provision of medical services to the local population, and other matters, expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a community of human health and health.
Members, candidate members and key leadership cadres of the Central Committee of the New Progressive Party of China (NPC) study the implementation of the 20 major spiritual seminars of the socialist ideas and party of Xi Jinping in the New Era of China - Rolling News - Hunan Daily News - Huangyan Online
Members, candidate members and key leadership cadres of the Central Committee of the New Progressive Party of China (NPC) at the provincial level study and implement the 20 major spiritual seminars of the socialist ideas and the party in the new era of China characterized by Xi Jinping
The film is directed by Lee Kang-hoon and written by Lee Kang-hoon.
The 20th Seminar on the Socialist Ideology and Party of Xi Jinping in the New Era of China was concluded at the Central Party School (National Academy of Administration) on February 10, with the participation of the Standing Committee of the Central Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, the Deputy Committee Members and the main leadership cadres at the provincial level.
He said that we should deeply learn and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly uphold the two founding principles, resolutely achieve the two maintenance principles, strengthen the leadership, really grasp the foundation, firmly promote the work of Chinese-style modernization, create a record of history, practice and people's test in the comprehensive construction of a socialist modern state and the comprehensive promotion of the great revival of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all participants were guided by the socialist ideas of Xi Jinping's New Era of China, seriously studied the spirit of the 20th Party Congress and Xi Jinping's keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, connected with practical and in-depth discussions, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, strengthened their confidence and determination to promote the great revival of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Central Party, which is based on comrade Xi Jinping, and strengthened their sense of duty, doing good work, and ensuring a good start for the new era.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the workshop spoke and shared their learning.
Wang Ji said that learning to implement the 20 major principles of the socialist thought and party spirit of Xi Jinping's New Era China is both the first political task of the current and future period, and also a long-term strategic task, in accordance with the requirements of Liu's comprehensive learning, comprehensive grasp and comprehensive implementation of Liu, to promote the continuous deepening, deepening, deepening of the work of learning and implementation.
We must understand more deeply the decisive significance of the two pillars of the foundation, firmly uphold the central position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, maintain the central authority of the Party and the centralized unified leadership, constantly improve political judgment, political understanding and political execution, and always be in line with the Party Central Committee, which has Comrade Xi Jinping at its core in ideology and political action.
We must strive to master the intuition of the Marxist theory as a good thinker, consciously use the innovative theory of the party to arm the mind, guide practice, and promote work, and in deep study, insight, and perseverance, truly learn firm conviction, learn absolute loyalty, and learn mission responsibility.
We must implement the 20 major decisions of the Party with a spirit of initiative, firmly promote Chinese-style modernization, lift up our sleeves and fuel the truck, and work hard to become a construction team leader, and step by step turn the blueprint into reality.
We must remember that the Party is always on the road to complete self-rule, the Party's self-revolution is always on the road, and we must press for the implementation of the new great project of building the New Era Party, which is to be built on the basis of the Party's political construction.
To strengthen the capacity to promote high-quality development, the capacity to serve the masses, the capacity to prevent and eliminate risks, the research wind of Daxing, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
The ceremony was attended by Shi Taifeng, Li Gangjie, Li Shukui, Chen Wenqing, Zheng Jingyu and Wang Xiaohong. The ceremony was hosted by Chen Shi.
Google AI chatbot answers wrong questions, parent company shares evaporate by $100 billion
(Telegram from 11th)
Google's newly launched chatbot Bard was a disaster, with its short promotional video asking questions and answering them incorrectly, causing the stock price of Google's parent company Alphabet to plummet 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, and evaporating $110 billion (RM476.5 billion) in value, down to $94.57 at the close of trading on Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet will not be able to compete with its rival Microsoft.
Earlier this month, Google posted a short promotional video on social media for its AI chatbot Bard, in which a person asked Bard: "What new things can I tell my 9-year-old about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?"
In his answer, Joan Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first photographs of exoplanets.
However, according to NASA, the first image of an extrasolar planet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.
The company's stock price plunged after Bard's wrong answer, according to a Reuters report.
Google, on the other hand, notes that Bard's response kit highlights the importance of a rigorous testing process that combines external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response kit meets high standards based on quality, safety and authentic information.
Singapore tourism recovery strong, inbound travelers up 19x from 2021
The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that 12 to 14 million international visitors are expected to visit Singapore in 2023, bringing about 18 to 21 billion yuan in tourism revenue; visitor numbers and tourism revenue will return to about 67 to 75 percent of pre-coronavirus levels in 2019; and there is a strong possibility of a full recovery in the tourism industry in 2024.
Singapore Tourism Market to be restarted and revived in 2022
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that inbound visitors in 2022 will increase 19-fold from 33.06 million in 2021 to 6.3 million, exceeding the previous estimate of 4 to 6 million, and returning to 33 percent of pre-pandemic levels.
Singapore's tourism revenue totaled S$8.96 billion in January-September 2022, and is expected to reach S$13.8 billion to S$14.3 billion in full-year 2022, up six to seven times from S$1.89 billion in 2021, and has recovered to levels of about 50 to 52 percent of pre-coronavirus levels in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken several steps to speed up the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced nearly S$500 million to stimulate the tourism industry's recovery.
The Tourism Board recently announced that it plans to allocate 110 million yuan from the budget over the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract returning tourists.
In order to make wellness one of the tourist highlights in Singapore, the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) has released a call for tenders on 23 November 2022 for the development of a wellness attraction on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, Executive Director of Sport and Wellness Tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put their health first in their considerations.
The development of a health and wellness destination in the southern part of the city, with the Bay of Bengal Gardens and the Bay of Bengal Dams, is expected to contribute to the tourism industry and the economy of Singapore, allowing visitors to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Singapore Tourism Board Director Chen Jianlong said that in the coming years, health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore's tourism product.
The coronavirus pandemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Department has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists for the past two years.
In June 2022, Singapore Tourism Board hosted the first Healthy Living Festival, offering more than 130 different health activities and experiences to the public.
Singapore will continue to offer new travel experiences to its visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avatar World at the Pearl Bay Gardens, the Central Beach Market in Santa Taobao, the Art and Science Museum's newly added Gallery of Exploring New Areas of Art, and the newly built open-air theatre at the Night Wildlife Park, the Tourism Bureau will support the development and renewal of projects such as the Bird Park in the World of All-Wildlife, making Singapore an attractive international destination.
As planned, Singapore will develop industry standards for sustainable tourism related to conferences, meetings and awards by 2023, with a focus on improving both waste management and carbon emissions, further optimizing the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of its aviation industry.
As of December 18, 2022, passenger traffic at Changi Airport has recovered strongly, with up to 150,000 passengers received daily and about 1 million per week, equivalent to about 75% of the pre-coronavirus level, and the number of airline employees has also recovered to about 90% of the pre-coronavirus level.
Data shows that Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers from January to October 2022, which is 42% of pre-coronavirus levels, and 170,000 flights, which is 53% of pre-coronavirus levels.
The rapid recovery in tourism has also spurred the recovery of other sectors such as accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping.
Singapore's government and tourism industry are very optimistic about the Chinese market.
According to a survey conducted by the China Travel Platform, Singapore's safety index is among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is popular with Chinese tourists, said Mr. Kowthang, Assistant Director of the Singapore Tourism Board's International Division.
Before the coronavirus pandemic, about 3.6 million Chinese tourists visited Singapore every year.
With China's relaxed border policy, it is expected that Chinese tourists will return to the country this year and reach 30 to 60 percent in 2019.
Ko said that the tourism agency will be watching closely for further signals from China regarding its policy on outbound travel to respond to changing tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening its partnership with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare for the new trends in Chinese overseas travel and welcome Chinese tourists.
Looking ahead to the 2023 tourism market, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the recovery of the tourism industry will be faster than expected, as long as there is no significant recession in the global economy that affects public revenues, and no new large-scale deadly outbreaks.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interact intimately, wife is left behind
North Korea held a military parade on the 75th anniversary of the founding of the country on the evening of August 8, with leader Kim Jong-un's daughter Kim Hye-jae not only attending but also standing on the podium with her father.
Kim Jong-un is seen standing next to her father, making several warm glances and gestures, holding his cheeks with her hands and even touching his chest, and the interactive images of the father and daughter are broadcast to the whole country.
However, the First Lady, Lee Hsien Loong, was forced to step aside.
In the official photo of Kim Jong-un and Lee Hye-seok attending the dinner with their daughter Kim Hye-jae on July 7, Kim Hye-jae is not only seen sitting in the middle of the table in the middle of the table, but also on the stage with Kim Jong-un at the parade for the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of Korea on the following night.
The official media released a video of the parade on North Korean Central Television, which showed more intimate scenes of the father and daughter.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the podium, and the smiles never left their faces, and they talked in their ears, Kim Jong-un once held his father's arms with both hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a laugh.
Other official media images also showed Kim and Kim Jong Un sitting on a sofa chair in the living room, touching their hands on their father's face; and Kim and her father walking hand in hand, touching Kim Jong Un's chest.
The first lady, Lee Hsien Loong, was only allowed to walk in the back or sit on the side, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
Kim Jong-il has been making public appearances for three months now, and this is the fifth time he has appeared in public since he first publicly appeared on November 18th, when he tested the Mars 17 rocket.
The official Korean media used the titles "Dearest Son" and "Dearest Son" to refer to Kim Jong-il, and also broadcast footage of him repeatedly shouting his oath to defend the white race while watching the parade from the podium.
The signs have raised doubts about whether Kim Jong-il has been cast as the heir apparent to the Kim dynasty, with the Washington Post analyzing the move as a signal for Kim to put his middle-school-aged daughter in the position of successor, though there are those who argue that such a judgment is premature and that there are still possibilities in the case of Kim having a son on his knees.
Chong Yang asked Qiao Qiao how he viewed the January non-farm employment data in the US, the big over-expectations and future trends - Economic Watch Network - Professional Financial News Website
Q: How do you see the January non-farm employment data in the US exceeding expectations and future trends?
A: January 3, 2023 nonfarm employment data released by the U.S. Department of Labor, adding 517,000 nonfarm jobs, significantly higher than the market expectation of 189,000; unemployment rate dropped to 3.4%, the lowest level in nearly 50 years; hourly wage growth was 4.4%, year-over-year growth was 0.3%, slightly slower.
In total, there are many one-time and technical factors that have disrupted the data, such as teachers who are on strike, the revision of the survey caliber, the update of the seasonality factor, which may be corrected later (refer to the new non-agricultural increase in January 2022 from 504,000 to 364,000), and non-agricultural employment may not be as strong as the data shows.
Structurally, the impact of high-tech firms' layoffs remains, but is low; new jobs in high-touch services such as leisure hotels, education and healthcare have recovered significantly, and data shows that the service sector's labor force gap remains.
Combined with the equally over-expected service PMI, the rebound in job vacancies and the labor gap data, and the strength of consumer credit data, we judge that the US service sector is in a fast recovery after the extreme weather and the holidays.
We believe that the supply and demand tensions in the US job market will not improve without a recession.
The U.S. labor market is still short of more than 5 million workers, and labor participation is slowly increasing, especially among those aged 25-54 who are nearing their pre-pandemic highs.
In addition, strong consumer demand, due to the strength of excess savings and consumer credit of US residents, will further delay the impact of austerity policies on the labor market.
The continued tension in the US labor market will be the underlying cause of the US economy in 2023.
The overlap is now coming to an end, inflation expectations are recurring, and we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to the data, the US equity and debt markets were overly optimistic about the Fed's path to raising interest rates.
With the continuing improvement in inflation data, the Fed is slowing down the pace of rate hikes and maintaining the fragile balance of market inflation expectations, but the market is blind to the Fed's biased narratives, not only expecting an early end to the rate hike, but also expecting two rate cuts by the end of the year.
In a situation of tight supply and demand in the labor market and uncertain impact of austerity policy, we believe that the guidance of the US Federal Reserve for raising interest rates at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and the extreme adjustment and crowding of transactions expected in the market will cause some damage to the market.
However, the persistence of wage growth is difficult to change the current trend of rapidly declining inflation, with the M2 data year-on-year overload and the gradual improvement of the leading indicators of various CPI sub-indices, since October, the US CPI data has moved into a phase of rapid decline, the persistence of wage growth will only form the basis for future inflation data, the current market expectations are difficult to falsify, after the next inflation data is released, the market will enter a new round of games.
The founder of Suzuki, Yang Yonggang, died of a sudden heart attack after leading the first transformation of Chinese clothing - Economic Watch Network - Professional Financial News Website
On February 11, the certification body issued a public notice to WeChat public number of Sugiyama Holding Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Sugiyama Holding Co., Ltd.) that the founder of Sugiyama Enterprises, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sugiyama Holding Co., Ltd., Yang Yongkang, died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65 due to sudden cardiac arrest.
In the 1980s, Yang was the head of the state-owned cotton mill, and in 1989 he became the head of the Ningbo Yun Port General Clothing Factory, the predecessor of the Sugyu Group.
In December 2022, during the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Business Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of the Future Star of Chinese Enterprises, Yang Yonggang said that in the 1990s, the market share of the Sugu brand in the Chinese western clothing market was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Sugihisawa became the first company in the Chinese clothing industry to list its shares on the stock exchange.
Just as the clothing business was booming, the Sugiyashi Group began to transform, because Yang Yonggang realized that once the market opened, Chinese brands would naturally form a tiered brand market, and Sugiyashi clothing wanted to be the only one to dominate the hype, and it was unlikely to become the national clothing of the country for a long time.
In 1999, Sugisugi started to study corporate transformation, and Yang Yonggang recalled that year, "We came to Shanghai to find out what transformation really does, and we specifically sought out many expert scholars, and we held a series of discussions and workshops".
Finally, we have set two major strategic directions:
The first is new energy and new materials, the other is a healthy future.
After the strategic direction was determined, Sugiyama began to look for cooperation. At that time, the Carbon Institute of the Busan Institute of Thermal Energy was doing the national 863 project for the aluminum steel, and the scientific funding was not enough.
In 2001, Sugiyama achieved the large-scale production of intermediate-phase carbon microbubbles, and began to domesticise alternatives, replacing Japan as the main supplier of intermediate-phase carbon microbubbles in the country.
It is the first lithium-ion battery negative material production company in China, and has achieved the domestic production of lithium-ion battery negative material.
With the rapid popularity of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Sugiyama began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium-ion materials business was written into the main business of Sugiyama, and the revenue share of the clothing business decreased year by year, until 2013, the revenue of the lithium-ion materials business of Sugiyama was fully exceeded by the clothing business.
In February 2021, Sugimoto successfully merged with LG Chemical's polarized film business, entering the LCD polarized film market, and founded the polarized film company Sugimoto Electric, which has a high technical content in this field. Sugimoto's main competitors are the world's top 500 companies, such as Samsung of Korea, Sumitomo Chemical of Japan, and JD Electric.
Yang Yonggang shared his thoughts on post-investment management, saying that Chinese private companies have a low probability of success in acquiring some of the world's top high-tech companies, so why do they fail?
But it's different with Yang Yonggang, because the day that the acquisition was successful, Yang Yonggang went to Seagate and announced to the public that Seagate, as the major shareholder of Seagate, had decided to implement the one-two system, except for Yang Yonggang as chairman, the people of Seagate's enterprise were not sent to Seagate, and the authorized way of operating, the original distribution system, corporate culture, and management models were unchanged.
ICC's Negative Polarity data for 2022 shows that the Negative Polarity of the Sage Seed has exceeded 200,000 tons in shipments in 2022, a 100% year-on-year increase, and a market share of 16%, ranking first in the shipment of artificial graphite negative materials.
In the segment of the optical film business, Yano Research's statistics show that the company's Seikichi Optical Electric has a global market share of 29% in 2022 and is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to be the world's number one.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Sugiyama's revenue was 15.84 billion yuan, net profit was 2.13 billion yuan, and on February 10, Sugiyama's share price was 19.24 yuan per share, with a total market capitalization of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Sugihisa, a subsidiary of Sugihisa, said on its interactive platform that the company's effective graphite production capacity is about 100,000 tons by the end of 2022, and that the graphite production capacity of the Mines project is still in the ascending phase.
The company's CEO, Yang Yonggang, is still the chairman and de facto controller of the company.
The survey shows that Yang Yonggang holds 40.1% of the total shares of Sugiyama Holding Co., Ltd.
The general manager of the company is Li Zhihua, born in 1968, formerly of Dongguan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo New Materials Technology Co., Ltd., and Hunan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and vice general manager of Ningbo Battery Materials Co., Ltd.
On February 10, Sugiyama's investors' interactive platform said that the company's senior management is not related to the company's actual controllers.
E-account of the Hedge Fund: SEC authorizes development of all funds under the name of investors to achieve aggregation and query - Economic Watch Network - Professional Financial News Website
The complexity of the fund's purchase channels has made it difficult to gather account information.
Always forgetting about the little treasure chest?
The problems of the KiM people will be solved soon.
On February 10, the SEC announced that the E-account app for the Liquidity Fund was available in mobile app stores and was in public trial operation.
The E-account of the fund provides individual investors with one-stop-shop information on the account and shares of the fund, which is aimed at solving the pain points of the industry such as the forgotten accounts of large and small investors, and the burdensome queries.
According to Wind data, as of the end of 2022, there were 156 ETF managers in the country, managing funds of about 26 trillion yuan; 167 ETF share registration agencies, and 411 ETF sales agencies.
The accounting systems of the quota registries are independent of each other and lack a unified channel for inquiries.
According to industry sources, at the end of 2021, more than 720 million people in China, or half of the country, invested in fund products.
Previously, investors had to check their purchases through different sales agencies, but through the E account of the hedge fund, they could check all sales channels for purchases, and the funds were held in one place.
What is the E-account app?
According to the documents, the E-Account App is a Chinese-developed and approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission to provide investors with a one-stop query of the off-site holdings of shares in the entire market of E-Funds products.
Investors can easily and quickly access their ownership of the OTC shares of the fund managers' OTC products purchased through the various sales channels in the market through the OTC E account, which improves the overall efficiency of queries.
Specifically, the information that investors can access through the E-account window of the E-fund includes: information about fund accounts opened with various E-fund managers in the market, information about trading accounts opened with E-fund sales agencies, and information about the number of investors holding off-site shares in products such as the open-ended securities investment fund and the collective asset management plan established by the management of the securities company, which is not limited to 200 people.
The Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center Business Manager Liu Yiqi told Economic Observer that investors can learn all their OTC fund holdings through the OTC fund E account app, which helps them find forgotten asset classes, and more importantly, the full account information of the integrated fund investment situation has been compiled for customers, helping customers to better optimize their fund portfolio configuration and better plan their financial arrangements.
How to register?
The report notes that the E-account app is available in mobile app stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, Vivo, etc. The app is still in the open trial phase, and the invitation code is required to register. Investors can contact the fund manager of the fund they hold to obtain it.
A customer service representative of a large Shanghai-based public-private fund gave a six-digit invitation to the Economic Watch Network reporter and told the reporter that during the trial phase of the ZAPP, China will give a certain number of invitations to each fund manager, and we will provide them to investors who call.
After the trial run, the invitation code will no longer be used for open user registration.
The Crab
The account registration and enquiry process took only a few minutes, and was divided into four main steps: user registration, real name verification, fund account binding, and public fund enquiry.
After this step, the journalists can see all the fund products purchased through the various fund sales platforms in the list of binding options ((Bind accounts), after completing the binding, they can see the total assets of the invested fund and can start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the E-account window of the Hedge Fund only provides an inquiry service for investors and does not allow for redemption.
The data date shown in the E account window of the hedge fund is generally three trading days forward of the date of the user's query (T-day).
For example, if the E account of a hedge fund is opened on February 10, the total assets, fund shares, and net worth of the fund shown on the asset page are moved forward three trading days from that date, i.e., February 7.
Copyright: The above is an original work of the Hong Kong Economic Observer, and is copyrighted by the Hong Kong Economic Observer.
The publication of the video without permission of the publication of the article is strictly prohibited, and the reproduction or reproduction of the image is strictly prohibited, otherwise the legal responsibility of the subject of the relevant act will be pursued according to the law.
The copyright cooperation is available by calling: 010-60910566-1260.
US-Fiji defense consensus against China
On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and met with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the Chinese Communist Party's aggression in the South and East Seas, and the Philippine leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting saying that they would sign a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to have substantive defense exchanges and oppose the Chinese Communist Party's hegemonic policy.
According to Japanese media, Kishimoto hopes that the meeting will help the two countries to formulate policies to address the crisis in Taipei.
Marcos Jr. visited China in early January and won a $20 billion deal.
But after that, the relationship between China and the Philippines not only did not improve, but deteriorated.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military to ensure the security of the South China Sea.
One of the new additions is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan, and is the closest to China.
If Taiwan is in crisis, US troops may be deployed to bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media have suggested that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines are now forming an axis with the US to build a "Arc of Tension" in the Western Pacific to confront the CCP in order to promote regional cooperation.
National Party Vice Chairman Shelly Wang says in a speech: "We welcome the Green Camp visit to the country on the basis of the consensus of 9/2".
Vice Chairman of the Taiwanese People's National Party, Shi Lian, will meet with the Director of the State Council of China, Liu Bei, and the Permanent Secretary of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Wang Yi-ning.
Senior adviser of the Nationalist Party's official state policy foundation, Liu Chun-shan, was interviewed by the Taiwan Central News Agency last night and gave a positive assessment of Liu's comments to Xi, saying that China welcomes green camp members to visit the mainland as long as they agree with the 9-2 consensus and oppose Taiwan independence.
The Nationalist Party's assessment of the situation is new.
The news of the day did not mention this as Sharik had said earlier that he had met with Liu.
The ruling Taiwanese Democratic Party (PDP) has clarified its refusal to accept the '92 Consensus'
According to the official Xinhua news agency, the Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang Party, Mr. Shao Yi, met with the CCP Central Political Bureau's Standing Committee Chairman, Mr. Wang Yining, the new State Bureau Director, Mr. Liu Yi, and the Beijing Municipal Committee Secretary, Mr. Liu Yi.
In an interview with Liu, Shui Li said that the political basis of the Nationalist Party is the Ninth Conciliation and anti-Taiwan independence, while Liu Chunsan, a senior advisor to the Nationalist Party Foundation, said that the Ninth Conciliation of the Nationalist Party is the original Ninth Conciliation.
This is different from the previous meetings I attended.
Recent video conferences with mainland academics, and this one, did not hear Taiwanese scholars talk about the military unification and anti-secession, but instead about the resumption of exchanges and dialogue.
The Chinese mainland hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang, which is the main party in the country.
The Chinese government has not yet decided whether to allow the Taiwanese to stay in the country, and the Chinese government has not yet decided whether to allow the Taiwanese to stay in the country.
According to Yang Chun-shan, Wang Yi-ning personally instructed Yang to tell him about the demands of the Taiwanese farmers and fishermen, saying that you must implement the demands, and if you cannot solve them all, you must take individual cases.
The report did not mention whether the KMT visitor to the mainland had personally mentioned the daily disturbances of Chinese warships, the issue of farming and fishing in Taiwan's minority counties, or whether the interview with the CEN reporter had asked such questions.
Law union again mobilizes against government pension reform
On Saturday (11 February), French trade unions once again launched a national mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on the public to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of the social movement against the draft pension reform of the government.
The number of people who respond to the call for a rally could influence the next action plan of the trade union movement.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight largest French trade union groups have joined forces to launch a nationwide mobilization, and the first time that the protest has been scheduled for a Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a public holiday for most French people, and they don't have to choose between protesting or striking, the union group hopes that today's rally will attract more people.
The bus system, the metro and the public railway company unions did not call for a strike today, the bus system should be functioning normally, citizens can travel by car to the rally site, and in areas where schools have started the winter holidays, people can start their holidays normally.
The union group expects more than a million people to attend the rally today, while the police expect a national turnout of between 600,000 and 800,000, and in the Paris metropolitan area between 90,000 and 120,000.
Since the start of the anti-government pension reform protests, while polls show that most French people do not support the move to raise the legal retirement age from 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets to protest has been decreasing.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 gathered between 1.27 million and 2.5 million people nationwide.
The demonstration on Tuesday (7 February) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
The pension reform is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition, especially the radical left-led opposition, has submitted so many amendments that the process of consideration has been very slow.
The conflict between the North and the South is also becoming more intense.
A member of the radical left-wing party France Sans Confiance (FNC) has sparked protests in the ruling party after posting on social media a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the head of the labour minister.
The Speaker of the National Assembly finally announced that the MP was banned from parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for this act.
Although the reforms have sparked the biggest social upheaval in France in more than 20 years, the government has so far made no major concessions, albeit slightly modified, to the draft.
The union is already preparing to launch another action on Thursday, March 16, and will also be organizing demonstrations on March 7 when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion.
China encourages high fertility rates to be transferred to universities
The Human Sperm Bank in Yunnan Province, China, launched a campaign on 9th to solicit donations from university graduates or students, and successful donations of 8 to 12 times will receive a subsidy of 4500 yuan.
The message was quickly followed by a search on Weibo, according to Taipei Media today, and prompted initiatives in cities across Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to a report by the Free Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
The highest threshold for sperm donation is set by the Beijing University of Applied Sciences, which requires a height of 170 cm or more, five-leggedness, no obvious hair loss, and a near-sightedness of 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province said that sperm donors can get a full set of male health tests worth 1,000 yuan, especially semen and chromosome tests, which most people have never done, and is important to know their fertility status.
The conditions for donating sperm include: height of 165 cm or more, university degree or higher, color blindness, genetic diseases such as hepatitis B and infectious diseases.
The report quoted Chinese news outlet TCM as saying that the Human Sperm Bank in Shaanxi Province had printed a poster for the "Infinite Glory" campaign, which calls on young people to donate sperm and encourages netizens to send messages to the public, "Let love pass on".
The price of sperm in Shanxi province is higher than in Yunnan, and the qualified person can receive 300 yuan in cash each time, and the donor who completes a certain number of donations can receive a subsidy of 5000 yuan.
The highest known price tag is Beijing, with the highest subsidy of 5150 yuan.
The last Communist Chancellor of East Germany died today.
The successor to the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that Hans Modrow passed away last night at the age of 95.
As a result, our party lost an important leader.
The Crab
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall, which had separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Moderator said he would help transform East Germany into a democratic state.
The Communist Party leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
After Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in the Soviet Union, he called for changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe as well.
In March 1990, Modrow declared the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results have made him no longer the Prime Minister.
Despite Modro's reforms, opponents accuse him of trying to delay the political change and unification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reform rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modro was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but was not jailed.
The accusations are politically motivated.
Modrow continued to serve in the German parliament from 1990 to 1994, and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modro sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but that East Germany's achievements should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II he served as a youth fire brigade commander and became a member of the Volkssturm, a Nazi militia organization that recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 to participate in the final struggle of the war, near the end of the conflict.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by the Soviet army and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he took anti-fascist courses and became a committed Communist Party member.
In 1949, the year of the founding of East Germany, he returned to his homeland and found a job as a mechanic, and continued his studies in social sciences and economics, obtaining a doctorate.
Modrow was a staff member of the Free German Youth movement, which almost all East German youth joined, and was promoted through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) to chairman of the Dresden regional party from 1973 to 1989.
He also served in the East German parliament for over 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became de facto leader of East Germany, holding the highest state office.
Hackers supporting protests on Iran's revolutionary anniversary hijack presidential TV speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Ibrahim Raisi.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted on the internet for about a minute, when a logo of a group of anti-government hackers, named Edalat Ali (Ali Justice)  appeared on the screen.
A voice shouted "Death to the Islamic Republic!"
The state TV was hacked to interrupt the commemoration of the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, Reuters reported today.
The hardline government of Raisi faces its biggest challenge yet from young protesters who demanded their ouster, but Raisi still calls on the deceived youth to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
The nationwide protests have continued in Iran after the death of Mahsa Amini, 22, in custody of the country's Moral Police in September.
The deadly crackdown by Iranian security forces on the protests is one of the most powerful challenges facing the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution toppled the 2,500-year-old monarchy.
As part of the amnesty marking the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities on Friday released imprisoned dissidents Fahad Mesami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha, who were on hunger strike.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty order that included some of the prisoners arrested during the recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors, according to HRANA, a human rights organization.
The report said that 70 other government security personnel were killed.
The number of protesters arrested is believed to be as high as 19,763.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and official media have been calling for votes in Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On the eve of the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution on Friday night, the official media showed fireworks as part of the government-sponsored celebrations, with people chanting "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)
However, many could be heard in the rally shouting "Death to the dictator!"
The death of the Islamic Republic in a video posted on Twitter and social media.
On Saturday, state TV broadcast live video of official rallies in various states across the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, the country's anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed.
President Lacey's speeches are often interrupted by the slogan "America go to hell", a signature slogan at state conventions.
The crowd shouted, "Away with Israel!"
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months, Reuters said.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 for national security charges.
They later put her under house arrest, but in January she was back in prison.
Adelkhah denies the allegations.
A week before his release, supporters warned that he was at risk of death for his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of the hijab.
The French Foreign Ministry responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday by calling for her freedom to be restored, including allowing her to return to France if she wishes.
The Crab
The balloon incident has brightened America's eyes?
Restrictions on technology exports to China
The Wall Street Journal reported today that the US is preparing to tighten its export of technology to China further after the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and would seek more political support for enhanced U.S. technology protection.
The United States says the balloon carries antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works at the Washington think tank Center for a New American Security.
This is definitely adding fuel to the fire and supporting the hardliners' view of China.
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday that the White House will also consider taking broader action to expose and respond to China's broader surveillance activities that pose a threat to our national security and those of our allies and partners.
The US officials said that they had informed the governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident and that international coordination was crucial to respond to the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly formed U.S. House of Representatives Select Committee on Strategic Competition with the Chinese Communist Party could also pressure the United States to take more drastic measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which could force the White House to take a tougher line.
The Wall Street Journal reports that many advocates of stricter export controls are also pushing for expanded regulations to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The US government is also developing a Foreign Investment Review Program to examine US investments abroad for potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls for a faster rollout of the program.
Syria earthquake relief day after day
Since the powerful earthquake in Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working day and night in the rubble of thousands of buildings that were destroyed by the quake, rescuing survivors buried under the rubble.
In the freezing temperatures, they often appeal to silence, as they struggle to hear any sound of life from the rotting concrete piles.
Two more women were rescued from the rubble after surviving the earthquake for several days, according to a Reuters report today.
However, the death toll from the earthquake has risen to 24,150 people.
The death toll in Turkey stands at 20,665, while the death toll in Syria is over 3,500.
The 7.8-magnitude earthquake on Monday, which was followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, is the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan and the nearly 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similar strong earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Rescuers in Turkey have rescued two women from the rubble of collapsed buildings after they were trapped for 122 hours in the region's deadliest earthquake in 20 years, Turkish authorities said Saturday.
Another wounded man, identified as Masallah Cicek, 55, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the freezing temperatures, rescuers often appealed for silence as they struggled to hear any sound of life from the crumbling concrete piles.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers huddled under concrete slabs whispering "Inshallah" to God's blessing, carefully reaching into the rubble to rescue a 10-day-old baby.
He opened his eyes and saw the infant Yagiz Ulas wrapped in a blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video footage shows the paramedics also taking his mother, who is lying on a stretcher, looking pale, but conscious.
Fuat Oktay, Turkey's vice president, told reporters late at night that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, and 31,000 rescuers had been deployed in the affected areas.
He said that about 80,000 people were being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people were left homeless by the earthquake and were crowded into temporary shelters.
As many people are short of food in the cold winter conditions, there is growing public skepticism about the response of the leaders of the two countries to the disaster.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma visited a hospital in Aleppo, according to Syrian state media, in what was reported to be his first visit to the affected area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said its stockpiles in rebel-held northwestern Syria were running out as the war complicated relief efforts.
On Friday, Erdogan visited the Turkish province of Adana, where he acknowledged that the government's response was not as fast as expected.
Opponents took this issue to attack Erdogan, who will run for re-election in the May 14 vote, but may be delayed by the disaster.
Anger over delays in providing aid and rescue could affect the election, Reuters said.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge to Erdogan's two decades of rule.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called the negative campaign of the Kurds for political gain.
The main opposition leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu criticized the government's reaction.
The critics say that the earthquake was big, but worse than the earthquake was the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence.
The Crab
Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Minh Tri and his wife visited the University of Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, and the University of Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, Bern, and the University of Bern, which is located in the city of Bern.
The University of Brunei is the largest higher education and scientific research center in Brunei, ranking third in the region.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of Vietnam's cooperation with Brunei in education and training.
The University of Brunei officially established a partnership with FPT University in July 2013, with the main area of cooperation being English language training.
In addition to English, French, German, Japanese and Korean, Vietnamese is also taught in the curriculum at Brno University.
During a visit to Brunei University, Prime Minister Van Minh Duong and Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan held a conversation with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Van Minh is pleased that more and more foreigners are learning Vietnamese, and thus making a positive contribution to promoting Vietnamese cultural identity and identity around the world.
Prime Minister Van Minh Tri expressed his hope and belief that the Vietnamese language teaching staff at Brunei University will be stronger and stronger; Vietnamese students will be more interested in Vietnamese, will study hard, will be able to speak Vietnamese fluently and will become ambassadors of the friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Prime Minister Van Minh also took the opportunity to interact with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Centre in Ha Noi, via video, to learn about their learning, especially during the pandemic.
Prime Minister Van Minh Tri believes that the partnership between FPT University and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Centre, is a living symbol of the Vietnamese-Brunisian educational partnership.
The students of the center also hope to make greater progress in their studies and contribute positively to the friendly cooperation between Vietnam and Vietnamese-speaking countries.
During his meeting with the Minister of Education and the leadership of Brunei University, Prime Minister Van Minh Thích praised the progress made in educational cooperation between the two countries, including the cooperation between FPT University and Brunei University, and the initiative of Brunei University to include Vietnamese in the curriculum.
Prime Minister Van Minh Dung hopes that Brunei University will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of Vietnamese language classes.
Prime Minister Van Minh also praised the positive results of the cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014 and recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme, the Discovery Year and others.
Prime Minister Van Minh highly appreciated the establishment of the first branch of Brunei University in Vietnam in Southeast Asia; believes that the university is growing stronger in the region and the world; further expanding cooperation with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
The Prime Minister and his wife planted a tree in the Brunei campus and left a message in the memorial book.
Prime Minister Van Minh expressed his wishes for the University of Brunei to continue to develop and contribute more and more to the cause of education in Brunei, and to deepen and broaden cooperation with educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(finished)
The Vietnamese government has been criticized for its actions.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Minh and his wife made a successful official visit to Singapore and Brunei, with comprehensive, practical and concrete results, Vietnam News Agency's Hanoi correspondent Liu Yi said.
During his three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Van der Mei participated in more than 30 different events.
The achievements have provided new impetus to the development of the Vietnam-Vietnam Strategic Partnership and the Vietnam-Vietnam Comprehensive Partnership in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Van Minh continued to reaffirm the foreign policy of the Vietnamese Party and the country, namely independence, autonomy, pluralism, change, willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, and a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is a requirement of their respective countries, committed to enhancing the well-being of their respective peoples, and committed to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At the meetings and talks, Prime Minister Van Diem and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through visits by high-level delegations, effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
A number of cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on the Green and Digital Economy Partnership with Singapore and the Action Plan on Strengthening the Vietnamese Comprehensive Partnership for the Period 2023-2027 with Brunei are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore sign Memorandum of Understanding on Partnership in Green and Digital Economy
The article was published by the Associated Press.
During meetings with business leaders, seminars or economic forums, Prime Minister Van Minh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and facilitates the expansion of investment in Vietnam by Singaporean and Bruneiese companies in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology and innovation.
The visit will not only help to deepen the cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in the traditional fields of politics, diplomacy, economy, security, defence, education and training, oil and gas, tourism and people-to-people exchanges, but also create a framework for cooperation in new potential areas such as the digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovation, smart cities and sustainable development.
The King of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, is set to enter into a bilateral dialogue with Prime Minister Van Minnen.
The article was published by the Associated Press.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Van Minh also took the time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese community.
During the meeting, Prime Minister Van Minh suggested that the two countries pay more attention to the local Vietnamese community, and create conditions for them to be treated fairly, to have opportunities to contribute to the local community and to foster relations between the two countries.
The proposal was agreed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Van Diem shared with the leaders of the two countries their aspirations for a community of ASEAN united, peaceful, stable and prosperous, and agreed to maintain solidarity and collaboration with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's central role in the complex and changing context of regional and international situations.
With the important achievements, Prime Minister Van Minh's official visit to Singapore and Brunei will contribute to the effective implementation of the 13th National Congress' priority foreign policy of strengthening relations with ASEAN neighbors, the effective implementation of the 12th Conclusion of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam on the New Situation of Vietnam (CLV-12/TW), and the exercise of the power of national unity.
(finished)
What exactly is the plutonium object that was dropped over Alaska?
They are lost in their own vain imaginations.
The US military used its most advanced stealth fighter aircraft, the F-22, to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska, USA, on Friday afternoon.
The site of the crash is ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down an object in the air.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was shot down over the coast of South Carolina, USA, days after it drifted in US airspace.
The second object shot down, which first entered U.S. airspace on Thursday night, was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeastern Alaska, at an altitude of 12,000 meters (~40,000 feet), the size of a small car, and much smaller than the Chinese balloon that was shot down earlier, the Pentagon said.
The Pentagon also believes that there is no indication that the object is manoeuvrable.
John Coby, the White House National Security Council strategic communications coordinator, said Friday that while the exact nature of the high-flying object is unclear, it poses a legitimate threat to the safety of civil aviation aircraft.
The object, unlike the spy balloon found in the United States, had no hanging cargo pod, Coby said.
"We call it a 'cyan object' - that's the best description we can come up with right now", says Kobe.
President Biden consulted with the Pentagon before ordering the object to be shot down, and he was very cautious in making that decision, Coby added.
The official US description of the object is roughly as follows: the size of a small car, no rudder, no suspension, flying at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But the information does not answer basic questions such as what the object is, what country it belongs to, what it is doing.
Many of the current online analyses and speculations suggest that it could be another Chinese balloon.
It could be that the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that hovered over Latin America were both from China, performing some kind of mission in different places.
The Alaska UFO is also associated with the UFO phenomenon.
The US Newsweek article quoted former US Representative Peter Meijer as tweeting on Friday that he hoped the UFO was a spy balloon, not a legitimate UFO.
The irony of conflating alien spacecraft with weather balloons is surprising, but it is not worth the risk of an interstellar conflict, says Boommerge.
The tweet was posted by Majors shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object had been shot down in Alaska.
Newsweek said that more than one person suspected the object was a UFO.
Rep. Tim Burchett, a Tennessee Republican, criticized the government's cover-up last month, asking the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on missing UFOs.
Amazon's customer service is unbelievable
I guess few people have seen it, but I'll say a little bit about it.
The dress we bought was a hoodie, and the last thing I got was a pair of shorts.
I immediately contacted Amazon customer service after receiving the clothes, and they confirmed that the clothes were still in stock, I asked for a replacement, the customer said to solve it, and then immediately saw the name of the product turned into a short sleeve, the link I had bought was off the shelf.
The customer service will then either withhold the goods for a certain amount of compensation or return them.
This is how Amazon handles it?
It's hard to believe that the clothing itself is not my problem, that I as a consumer demanded to get the goods I should have, and didn't make any exaggerated demands, and Amazon changed its name and said it had no stock.
This is my first long comment, and hopefully not my last.
The Sleeve That Made It Unintelligible
The sleeves of the jacket are longer than the shirt, but usually only 1-2 cm. The sleeves of the jacket are longer than the shirt, but usually only 1-2 cm. The sleeves of the jacket are longer than the shirt, but the sleeves of the jacket are longer than the shirt.
It's easy to buy clothes, and easy to return them.
But when will the money be returned?
The clothes are good, because the prints are small, and they have to be returned, but it's been more than a week since the return, and I still haven't received my refund?
And to have to buy from the same company that didn't have the same integrity, and that was the worst thing since buying from Amazon!
But the store is still good, actively cooperating to promote express delivery and timely refunds, but this full-peak express delivery is actually doing a rather irritating job, delaying about half a month to refund, this partner is to drag the back legs of Amazon, poor work efficiency, no service awareness!
More for the Young
99 seconds to kill.
The fur is well made, colored and handled, soft/thin to medium, and does not smell like kerosene.
Unfortunately, the model is a slim one, more suitable for younger people.
3XL, flat waist 2 ft 5 in, maximum size 4 ft, 1.79/80 kg, wears a little tight at the waist.
It seems that there is no loose belt at the waist, and it is difficult to loosen the waist.
And it's uncomfortable to wear it.
Very good. The colors are not very bright.
I just bought it for 200 and this is what happened.
The first time Amazon used the collaboration of the daily messenger, the first delivery was not at home, then the initiative and the courier agreed on two delivery times, the courier did not deliver, then directly returned the package to me, the damned courier did not have any integrity, strongly recommend not to use the daily messenger again.
This time, I got a shirt back, and the price of the shirt went up by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon shouldn't have this kind of product
The price is not low, and the reviews are also very good.
I was stunned when I received the product, the surface of the product was worn out, there was worn out in many other places, not the secondary product is the old product, later on the picture.
I asked for a refund, and the manufacturer said it was because of the shipping, after seeing the pictures, isn't that a big deal?
How can the inside of a product wear out?
There are only two possibilities, either I used the product or I intentionally damaged the product and returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence that I have not damaged the goods, but based on my credit history of Amazon purchases, I think that such goods should not appear in Amazon self-made goods, customers choose Amazon self-made is trust, customer win, we win, customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory, hope that we all work together to improve, thank you.
I've been using this product for less than a year and I've got two E2s, I don't know how to handle them?
I bought the product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, the red E2 was often seen in the two sets on the right side of the receiver, should be a problem with the launch module, which is not compatible with the launch module's 7 years of sustainable work on the Amazon website, and after not being able to find it on the Amazon website, now I don't know how good it is?
I'll take it.
The first purchase is bad.
It doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn, and the label on the machine was broken.
And it's always a blank canvas.
I'll change it later.
The changeover was quick, the view was a bit blurry at night, not very wide, but it was enough for the average household.
It's not enough to have no card, buy it yourself, or buy a phone from Amazon before.
The packaging has a sticker to prevent the package from being opened, but this time there is no sticker, and when you buy a mobile phone, there is a sticker that can be attached to the warranty card, but this time there is no such thing.
I don't know if it's something cheap or not, I'm confused.
Waiting for a response from the supplier
The packaging is not marked, I called the supplier directly and said that the unmarked package is genuine, I was wondering if I could send the product to J&J by mail, I left the license plate number and phone number, I promised to send a text message to inform me that I had entered my information into the J&J warranty card, and I haven't received a text message yet?
The oil was received in the morning and changed in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own products are safe.
The teacher who changed the oil said that the oil was clean and really good.
I bought it for the second time.
So it's a relief.
The delivery was fast, the packaging was not picky, the oil was used, the engine noise was significantly reduced.
The price is good, and it is difficult to find synthetic oil below 200.
The winner is the one who has the most points, the winner is the one who has the most points, and the winner is the one who has the most points.
Amazon Japan suffered a loss of profit due to customer service issues ((8c's caterpillar shipped as 8cm's caterpillar)) ((8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
Admitted error, but always recommended, always emphasized that the goods are third party, not binding on third parties.
The order number is 503-4265464-1830254.
I bought the page size options 7c, 8, 9c, I thought it was a trap, I called the customer service in China and told them 8c was 8c, but when I returned to China I found that it was only 8cm, I thought it was a trap set to trap the Chinese people (according to Amazon), now I look at the page and there is no such option.
Chinese customer service: Sorry for the loss, we have two options for you:
1, You return the item, the buyer bears all the shipping costs.
2, if you don't return the item, we will refund you 1,000 yen.
(I counted, the shoes cost over 4000 yen, counted as 200 rmb, choose 1, I don't have shoes, the loss is 200 yuan ▽)
Option 2, I have shoes, I was compensated with 2000 yen, I lost 150 rmb. Customers: We have recorded it, we will deal with it seriously, the next day I got back an email saying that I do not accept Chinese customer mediation, and that's it.
I suggested that the page to buy was 7c, 8, 9c, and that was a confusing option, but the Chinese customer service told me that the Japanese code would not be a c, like 140, but did you go to other pages about caterpillars?
The Japanese language is also used in the country, but it is not the same as the Japanese language.
And why did you put 8cm between 7c and 9c, the smallest size, and what did you mean by that?
Chinese Service: We provide Chinese language service, but we don't know that you are going to be sent back to China, so we won't be responsible for your shipping costs.
I don't understand this logic anymore, I'm Japanese, I also want Chinese suits, Chinese people living in Japan don't need Chinese suits, go to Japan as a tourist, without that kung fu to make long international trips, then the question arises, who needs to call Amazon overseas to buy Chinese phones, just like me who is a day-to-day scout.
Amazon's Chinese customer service is not helping those people who are taking our products to the market?
This purchase was not satisfactory.
This is the second time I have bought a diaper from Amazon, I bought a box when my baby was 2 months old, I chose a diaper made of European imported paper, and I was satisfied with my first purchase, my baby used a diaper all night, and it was really enough to last 12 hours without changing diapers.
But this time I bought L diapers, there are 2 separate packages in one box, and when I opened it, I felt the paper was loose, and the difference was obvious, after I gave it to the baby, it was fine, there was no leakage of urine and no signs of rash.
But when the second pack of diapers was used, the baby's belly button immediately turned red and has not yet been removed.
I'm not sure if the quality of the two packs in one box is the same.
I'm not going to buy any more!
The importance of transportation protection
This is the worst package I have seen shipped in so long, with absolutely no protection, no buffer bubbles, no packaging buffer material, nothing.
The box is a deformed box.
The paper and cardboard boxes inside were crushed open and deformed.
I hope it's authentic, quality is guaranteed, and I'm afraid to buy from Amazon in the future.
I'd rather be half as expensive in the country, with some security.
And the packaging of the products, I see comments on it from people who commented on it in 2016, and now 19 years later, it's still the same.
The company's website, which is available on Amazon.com, has been criticized for its lack of service feedback, which is far from the same as that of the Japanese companies JD.com and TEN-T.
Good to see, but a little bit sad.
The color of the whole cup is my mother's favorite, red, and even though I'm a boy, I still think that red and yellow are very bright.
It's a little smaller than I thought, but it's meant to be used for carrying out, so it's acceptable.
I tried it last night when I got home, but after the lid was pushed back, the distance between the straw and the lid was too close, because the position of the straw was perpendicular, so the son always had to raise the lid above the container to drink water, to see if the place could be improved.
It seems that the other brands of straw cups have a reasonable slant on the straw, something that little kids really care about, safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large
I like it light, open, and two separate compartments are a bit redundant for me, I feel like I don't know what to put in.
The price of the product was less than two hundred dollars, but it was found that there was another brand of the same brand in overseas markets.
Fake, especially the fake ones
Amazon is selling fake products, so I'm buying them.
The customer said that they could not return the product because it was used, and I didn't know it was fake.
I'm not sure if I'm going to buy it, but I'm going to buy it because I trust it, so it's sad, after all, it's a face mask, so go to the physical store and buy it, it's a little expensive.
I have submitted my e-commerce platform to the State Administration of Industry and Commerce, let's defend it together.
Is it wrong?
What is the truth?
The tragedy of it all.
The hair was selected with the second piece carefully, but when it was opened, it had a strange smell, thought it was normal, because it had not been used, and then when it was applied to the face, it was completely unbearable, a very pungent smell, indescribable, the smell came out immediately, the eyes were very painful, tears came out, and immediately took it off to wash the face.
The same, less heavy flavor, is now being worn.
The smell of the water is a little like the smell of the bad hair in the hairdresser's hallway.
It's hard to imagine that Amazon's own skin care products will ever be able to avoid this.
You are a traitor.
When I bought it, the campaign page said that I would give a full set of three sets of 99 yuan, but when I received the goods, there was no such gift, so I called the customer and asked to show them the screenshot of the campaign, the question was who bought the goods and saved the screenshot of the website.
The aftermath
The first time you buy something on Amazon, you feel a few things, first of all, the feeling of using the product, the first is really painless, and there is no stimulating taste, in general it is very good, wait for about 8 minutes and a wipe will fall off, only a small amount of sweat and hair on it, you can't see it, so it is generally good, so after using it again and again to continue to observe, continue to use it to know.
I think this is really good anyway.
The second order from number 27 and the delivery from number 12 took 15 days, which is half a month, and the Amazon courier service was very good.
Third, don't believe Amazon's Black Friday, ordered on Friday, and after waiting 2 days, it's almost $12 cheaper, which means I bought 170 more (plus shipping costs), and there's a feeling of raising the price by doing something.
I've been following the price fluctuations for more than 10 days, and that's what it is, not much fluctuation.
Affordable, Japanese-made, with Chinese labels, with pellets, definitely a buyback!
The cream is fine with particles, it feels fresh, it's smooth with the back teeth, it's much stronger than some second-hand Oriental, where they say it's imported, but many things don't have Chinese labels, they don't know where they are from.
The company has also announced that it will no longer sell second-hand goods on Amazon.
I'm going to give you a suggestion, Amazon's app is not always able to fill out the list, hopefully it will improve some of the apps, and it will do better and better!
The quality of service is not at all what it used to be, and it is not what it is today.
Garbage Excellence does not take into account the needs of customers.
The hospital is open only at night for elderly patients who are uncomfortable with beds at home.
The result was that the message was sent directly to the door at 12 noon, without any prior phone call.
If delivery time is something that you couriers can decide to deliver at any time, why bother with the time and let the customer choose?
If your own logistics cannot guarantee service, then simply don't do e-commerce!
The post was originally published on the social media site @SharedPeace.org, where the post was originally published on the social media site @SharedPeace.
The order clearly has a contact number!
No one has called me, no one has called me, no one has called me, no one has called me, no one has called me, no one has called me, no one has called me, no one has called me, no one has called me, no one has called me!
The so-called complaint service of the Internet of Excellence is a bunch of aliens pretending to be there, spouting your complaint and then giving you a so-called answer.
There will be no change or compensation!
I've had similar problems with delivery times before, but this time I can't stand it, it's too much!
The book was sold in a pre-sale and the cover was the opposite of the cover, so it was obvious that the quality was poor, so why did you send the book to the customers blindfolded?
Leave a comment and no one will contact you.
The quality of service is not at all what it used to be, and it is not what it is today.
The government has decided to stop spending money on excellence.
The quality of the images is unacceptable.
As a title for a collection of ancient maps, the book is difficult to accept in terms of the selection, typography and printing of the images, some of which even have mosaics that are too blurred to be recognized.
Even if this book is not a professional map, even if it is a small illustration, it should be able to compare the vast amount of medieval documents left by our ancestors in the catalog!
(And many of the images are clear, original files from relevant industry resources), what's the difference between using such images to compose a book and not using them?
I am sorry for this kind of governance.
The text is not evaluated, but each family has its own opinion.
Overall 2 stars
I read this book in high school, but I was bored and thought that I shouldn't be obsessed with this book, because the original text wasn't very interesting to me.
Then... it fell into the pit.
The first part of the book is a bit light and fun, even if the plot is between the two communities, because it is often bloody by the blood of the gods.
As for the competition, I'm a little bit bitter about the change of times and the alternation of old and new (maybe it's my sentiment).
I've spent a lot of time studying the whole book, but I can't stop.
Full-time portrayal of characters and emotional lines is very surprising, some characters are only occasionally brought, but also leave a deep impact on people, like the character portrayed more emphasis Ye Xiao Huang Chao Tian Suo has a large number of fans, while not in the writing center characters such as Jiang Bo Bo Zhu Yunhui and others are very popular, in a competitive essay of electricity, it is not possible to find a person who is extremely disgusting, this is a success in full-time character portrayal.
And on the emotional front, there is no full-time post-mortem, which is sickening for the general netizens, and there are no beauty or rotten problems, all the people's feelings have one thing in common: they love to glorify the game, and most of them want to win honestly.
The small measures, but no big plot, everyone looks so simple and lovely.
This is probably why there are no full-time annoying roles.
The full-time IP is large, thanks to this.
The book is a cultural phenomenon, and a good book, regardless of the web version.
How much he really gives to people, a little bit of warmth, a little bit of emotion.
The anime is scheduled to be released in April this year.
I've been wanting to buy this book for a long time, but my wallet is not big enough to keep me from doing it, and then I wanted to buy it, but it was a fake, and in fact, another version was released recently, and I liked the cover art, but I was going to buy the old version first, so I looked it up on Amazon, and bought a set.
The next step is to simply talk about the situation of the goods.
● The fourth book has no plastic cover, but the book is new.
The 17th plastic book was opened, and the texture of the book was strange, as there was no other hardness.
The same situation as in the case of the 23rd and the 17th, but also harder than the 17th, but much older.
● The publishers of the individual books are different, as if the 23rd and 17th were the same publisher, and different from the others.
● Overall, I'm satisfied with the 24 boxes, which is a big one.
The young lion with the hood
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as a lost antler, but it turned out to be a lot of words!
The book was read three times before it was finished to the children, a little lion who can shoot, a little lion who loves to eat juice and sugar.
The lion eating the hunter is a bit uncomfortable to watch, and modern urban people are a bit unacceptable to the arrangement of being eaten by animals.
Finally, the little lion who succeeded in human society, lost himself, he was no longer a full lion, nor a full man.
Finally, only the back of the lioness, who doesn't know where he went.
Perhaps years later, the image of the lion will be remembered by the children who have grown up, and perhaps one day, when they are not thinking, they will be touched or inspired.
The collection of works with high sex ratio
I didn't know about Taschen before, but I've bought a lot of their books lately because they're so strong, both in terms of the themes and the production itself.
The largest edition, like the Michelangelo, is nearly 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this edition is the smallest, and comes in a two-volume edition with a bookcase.
The first is that it is cheap, and is divided into two volumes of over 700 pages, which are also better to read as a single volume; the second is that unlike the Michelangelo collection, which is mainly painted, the Da Vinci's black and white manuscript is the largest part of the book, and for readers with limited budgets and non-art professionals, this edition is the highest price-to-value ratio for appreciating paintings and manuscripts.
2/ The explanation of the painting part is great, there is a compositional analysis, sketch analysis and historical background (e.g. The Last Supper), but I don't know if it's a print or book size issue, some shadows are too deep in some parts of the county, I can't see the details, it's a bit of a pity.
The manuscript of the Da Vinci Code is much more rich than that of Michelangelo.
The former is already a genius, the latter is so far advanced and accomplished that it is not even possible to describe his genius.
If you only see half of Da Vinci by looking at the paintings, you will see no language at all by reading the manuscript.
Trash, who bought who regrets!
I'm not going to give a bad review, this honest trash, bought a waste of money and a horse, give a reason!
1. The time is wrong, suddenly it's January 1st, time is reset to zero.
2. The belt is of poor quality, not even brittle, and it causes blisters on the wrist.
3. Frequently misses calls.
4. The flight was delayed by five days.
5. Sleep test does not show, time is 0
6. It is waterproof.
7. Other
Logistics are too slow
The first issue of the newspaper was published on October 16, and the second issue was published on October 21, and received poor reviews.
The delivery was so bad, and the Amazon shopping was so slow, I didn't expect it to be so slow!
Overall satisfaction
I was worried about the packaging of the camera, but this time it was good, it had a bag with air, the camera was three-digit identical, it could also be registered on the official website, the shutter speed was 0, the rest can only be checked by time.
The delivery was very fast, the delivery boy was here, the precious items were put in the doorway, and I could not open the box in front of him to check it, I have no words for this.
The merchants have been thinking about the customer before shipping:)
The businessman was responsible enough to call and ask about the screen size of the camera, and he did think about it for the customer.
The delivery is fast.
The film is also very convenient and easy to use.
Battery not full
The machine is really good, and I wonder why it was not full when it was first charged, the charging indicator is always red.
Amazon's official feedback channel is not available, so only product reviews are available.
1. purchased the book on March 29th for 31 yuan through the pre-order, showing that it will be shipped on March 31st, and cannot be pre-ordered on Amazon at this time (because it is not yet available);
2. The book, which was released on March 31st, is blank, but you can expect to see it, and Amazon has reduced the price of the e-book to 18 yuan.
3. The two days of repeated attempts to delete and synchronize the blank book downloaded on the device, again, did not allow access to the electronic version of the commercial with the actual content, but the Amazon website has already made the book available for preview.
I have a few thoughts.
The price is not the most important issue, the key is how to replace the blank books on the Kindle with books with real content, instead of downloading them forever.
2. books that are pre-purchased should not be bought again, as the procedure for downloading a blank book after a ticket is sold is very complicated;
3. Amazon should provide a normal channel for feedback on such issues, and a place to post feedback when e-books are downloaded or used in questionable ways (e.g. job listings, online customer service, see how the official Microsoft store does it)
Not recommended reading
I read it a long time ago, and I just happened to see it by memory.
The book is more a collection of fragments of life's love stories than a collection of short stories.
The tone of the book is very plain, as plain as white water, the vocabulary is pursued to the extreme of brevity, and the plot is as quiet as the main street on a summer afternoon.
Each short story is a snapshot of a small moment in ordinary life, without beginning or end.
Finally, gathered together, the crown jewels of what we are talking about when we talk about love.
I think that this collection of novels, and its title, is like an action art, the author wants to express that love is more than the sad separation on the stage, the sea of urban legend is dry, not just you and me are like paint, love is more than this and should not be represented above, love is also life as plain as water, dull and tasteless day by day, there is also the lack of life, the escape from reality, the lack of future.
As you read this book, you may think of the couple arguing next to you, the boring marriage of the people you know, and the unpleasant feelings.
This is why I don't recommend reading it, because the writing and plot are aesthetically dull, and unless your life is as exciting or as sweet as living in a candy castle, you'll find it strange and boring.
In terms of depth of thought, the daily episodes do not illuminate or expand one's thoughts and perspectives (unlike Marx's love story during the Cholera epidemic), nor do the short episodes explore any questions, such as what kind of mistakes lead to the failure of love.
The main character's marriage broke down because of those reasons?
I don't recommend reading this book, it doesn't make much difference if you read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed more through technique and style than the plot, which is also the reason why the book is a poor reading experience.
The book is suitable for reading roughly, but not looking at it carefully.
The book is logical, but not rich enough.
The article explains a lot of theories about what sales are and why, but it is weak in terms of how to do it, it only points out the direction but does not give concrete practices.
The book also feels like a puzzle.
The examples are both domestic and foreign; both well-known entrepreneurs or salesmen and well-known people.
I don't know if this is a story for example, but it would be more convincing if some of the stories were based on the author's own experiences.
The name of the client varies.
The title is still "customer" but the text is "customer".
The e-book also has problems with misspellings, missing punctuation marks, and misnumbered pages.
In short, this book is a good introduction to the theory, but it is not suitable for those who are already in sales and want to improve their sales.
A quick guide to understanding Internet finance
This book is very shallow, and is an introductory course to help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but you can dig deeper, or you can dig deeper yourself.
The book was written earlier, but later on, we did not mention that Alipay borrowed subsidies from Weibo to train users' habits in the Great War, and today the third-party payment share is only a small percentage of what is said in the book.
Now many people go out to eat with their phones, and businesses have abandoned the use of the bank because of the high liquidity of the banks.
But I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book, which shows that the author has at least years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so that he can write such a common and easy to understand content.
It's easy to write big and tall, but it's hard to write in a way that is easy for the common man to understand.
I'm so glad you're here, and I want you to know!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not whether the salary is high or low, but whether the work is valued and appreciated enough.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, the most urgent needs of human beings after the basic survival needs are satisfied are the psychological needs: the desire to be understood, affirmed, appreciated.
Indeed, for most of the people in the country, it is difficult to express love in words, even if it is with love, gratitude and appreciation, it is also impossible to say it in silence.
In this book, the author explains the five languages of appreciation: positive words, thoughtful moments, acts of service, thoughtful gifts, and physical touch.
I think it's not so much that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use them to express appreciation and gratitude to those around you, whether it's family, friends or colleagues, from your heart at any time and place.
In fact, the more appreciation and gratitude we need from our loved ones, the better our lives will be.
The company has also been able to retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the number of people who quit their jobs.
Thanks to the translators for bringing us wonderful foreign thoughts and worlds.
The differences between languages are more or less due to the cultural background of the Middle and West, and if there is a chance to see the original version of the author, it is believed that more will be harvested.
Thanks again to the authors and translators and the hard work of the editors!
Amazon to strictly review suspected counterfeit goods
Super poor quality, loose packaging, no percentage, even worse than the products on the roadside, no weight, no bar code, ten bags of packaging is also loose, is not a qualified product characteristic; is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, has applied for a refund; is entirely a quality issue; advised merchants to wipe their eyes, rejecting substandard goods; added: bought a heart seal, supermarket 23 yuan / 10 volumes, plus several contrasting photos, further verify the product's inferiority, in order to give consumers a clearer reference, avoid economic loss and further displeasure!
Once again, expect Amazon to be as uncompromising as ever in sourcing products.
The product of Ma Ma and Tiger Tiger, and the gap between expectations
The advantages:
1. Big brands, cheap prices and so on.
Pros 2: The motor and blade are PANASONIC guaranteed, and are OK to use, but not quite what I expected.
The downside:
1. charging without indicator, this is the most basic of your power instructions are omitted, the customer who bought an estimated 300 yuan product, in the eyes of Panasonic PANASONIC, is also generous, without respect.
2. Strong odor When charged, even if only for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of burning plastic.
The office was tested for a day and the whole house smelled like plastic.
I'm sorry to say that this product is a bit more expensive than the Philips Philips I used before, but the quality is really good.
Small packages
The e-commerce version is smaller than the one bought in the supermarket, it should be M, the packaging is different from the picture on the product description, so-called new version.
Three stars is the fault of Mahou for not reading the specifications, you sold the M-code e-commerce version, I have no objection, what do you mean by the wrong version?
I've been to the supermarket a few times, but I've never been to the mall.
The name of the girl is Zhiv.
I don't like the taste.
The children don't like the smell of toothpaste, they say "toothpaste" every time, maybe it's better to use another word, it's the only word in their vocabulary for now.
I bought it at the event, it was cheap, so I'm not ashamed to give it a bad rating, four stars, but I won't buy it again.
The original container is in good condition
The packaging is complete, with inflatable bags, and there is no online commentary on the product, only the appearance of a naked product.
The bottle is also packed with a plastic film as shown in the picture, and the delivery was quick, arriving the next day.
It's a genuine product, but it's out of stock, and I don't know when it will be available again.
The first was a shopping experience that was not pleasant.
The black five time of the order, the result is waiting for a long time has not been received, the next enquiry, the package has been cleared, asked the colleagues around all said there was no help in the acceptance, hurry to contact the courier company, but said that the sender can initiate an enquiry, contacted Amazon customer service, and waited more than ten days, finally figured out that the courier was mistakenly delivered to someone else, and several weeks to turn around before finally get back the courier, the outer packaging has been dismantled goods, is still intact, and do not know if it has been used, it's a bad feeling.
The wrong map
I thought I would get a headset like Figure 1, but I got a headset like Figure 2, and the pictures didn't match, what does it mean that the sound was different in size and shape?
Although the names are the same, please be careful and please ask the Amazon manager to replace the correct layout in time.
Operating system in general
For a while, the overall picture was fine, but I didn't feel any difference, the system was a bit slow to start, and the software was not very good to set up, and the response speed was more general, and compared to my colleagues, it was not a quantity.
I've seen comments about the humanized design, but I can't find any humanized ones, and the remote control is a commonly used up and down position, and the return key design is really not complimentary.
So, let's use it as a TV, and then add a TV box and so on.
The price reduction is too much.
The price reduction was so great, more than a hundred now 99!
Amazon has accumulated a lot of unrated orders, so I've put together a sentence from the copy as a review.
If I use this phrase to evaluate this product, it means that it has at least 85 points.
I would not sneak in and copy and paste reviews of inferior products, so that other consumers can use them as a reference when they buy, and merchants can improve the quality of their products.
The low-cost phone is good, and it's enough to keep you warm!
The cheapest cable, but it should be HDMI certified, in comparison to the cheapest cable in China (the price is twice as expensive), the cable is thick and soft, and the 7 meter transmission is noiseless, so the low price line is better!
Amazon's after-sales service is really worse than other sites.
After placing the order, I found the wrong link, but I can't cancel the order, the web page Contact Online Customer Service has been showing the wrong link, and I can't be contacted.
When the delivery arrived, the delivery person called me and I said I didn't want it anymore, I wanted to cancel the order but it didn't work out, so the delivery person took it back and said to give me the receipt first and let me apply for a refund.
The only way to know if a product is a non-returnable item is to ask for it back, and you can't call Amazon customer service to tell them that it's not a non-returnable item.
I have bought items in both JD and Suning that are not returned, including milk, diapers, etc. and the customer service was returned, and the customer service in JD was returned after the opening of the diaper, which was too big, and you can't get it on Amazon.
The law is dead, the man is alive, how do you deal with your clients?
Tell me that I can either take it myself or have the courier buy it for me, it's not easy for the courier to take it for everyone, why should I let people save money to buy something that I don't buy?
I'm not going to back down, I'm going to take it myself, but I have to give you a point for your service.
The first is to avoid wasteful spending.
First, I was looking forward to buying it, I thought that the Doral brand should not be bad, but when I received it, I thought the packaging was fine, the head was good, but there was a box that was basically soft and soft, the appearance was not visible, if you touch it, it had no taste at all, it had no taste, it was a dark yellow color, it was bad, it was sold badly, it could not eat less than a third of it, I advise you not to buy it, it is not cheap, its quality is too bad!
Eat a lot and never buy fruit from e-commerce again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting logo?
The bottle is so deeply embedded in the bottom, it should have been caused by a strong impact, from the outside of the packaging bag, the degree of friction is disturbing, after all, the packaging of food is too simple, and still belongs to international purchase, and there is no obvious anti-counterfeiting logo, the opening of the bottle is very easy, the key is that a layer of honey in the lid directly emerges from the inside, with an opening that is almost non-sticky, is this the case with foreign products?
I'm not sure I understand this, since I was born in China.
It should be authentic, right?
I was also told that the number twenty came, this is the number 14, I'm buying it for the first time overseas, just to write down my doubts, maybe it's normal?
The delivery service needs to be improved
I bought 5 delivery tickets in total, when I took them out, I made the first appointment to take 3 tickets, but only 2 were sent, after many contacts, it was confirmed that they were missing, and I promised to send them again; the second appointment, just in time for the holiday, the website and WeChat did not have any information about the need to make an appointment on weekdays, which caused unnecessary panic, and suggested improvements later.
Good shopping
The food is good!
It is also more convenient to buy things from overseas, and the logistics time to buy from abroad is a few days longer than in the country, but I have to say that Amazon's overseas purchases to the domestic clearance capacity is still very strong, much faster than the transportation, so now many things are purchased overseas.
I hope the quality and price of the domestic products will be better, many things are domestically produced, but going out and buying them is cheaper than in the country, I hope for improvement.
Waste
When you see a package like this, ask yourself: Does it look like trash on the side of the road?
Is it responsible for a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany, a plastic bag that comes from Germany?
I see this packaging as a waste, buying this product, its packaging and its simplicity, without any measures to prevent damage, just a simple plastic bag, when it comes to hand, the package is completely deformed, the items inside are also damaged.
If I just happen to see one of these, I admit, and buy a few of these, I go to Amazon and they say it's a return, but the shipping is paid for, and the shipping is returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I'll tell you what, I pay for the shipping in cash, you give me the gift card back, so I'll have to buy your gift card myself, or send the product to the German warehouse myself, it's not a crime to buy a product!
I've been telling customers who is responsible for this problem, but they don't say half the words that it's their responsibility, they don't even dare to say half the words that it's their responsibility, what is the guarantee of this after-sales service?
Good quality, 5 stars, poor logistics
1, Good quality, second hand, moderate price, and above average value.
2, solid, with good material, strong anchorage, well-treated surface, good color.
3, Logistics is a tough one, the one under number 3, number 11 is here.
4, I would be happy if Amazon didn't have a February 7th estimated delivery date.
5, but the expected delivery time is equivalent to giving the user a promise, when the promise can not be met, the user is very difficult.
6, if you are not sure of the promise, do not make the promise.
In fact, I care a lot about the promises made by businessmen.
So, I scored low.
The yellow line will fade.
The effect is there, but whether it is felt is a matter of personal preference, or psychological effect.
The one thing that's not so good is the gold thread, which is designed to look good, but in reality, the gold thread will fade and go to the car, and if you move it a few times, on your hand, and on the car, there will be some gold powder.
Hopefully the product will improve.
This is a square, and without any decorative effect, don't mess with the gold line, fall down and get dirty in the car.
Everything is fine, we can go fast, but the packaging is different.
8 days is quite fast, but 2 pieces divided into 2 packages, the packaging is not the same, obviously one is too much, thick cardboard is attached, sealed with plastic, the outer packaging is also easy to remove, one is similar to the domestic courier box, put a few buffer gas bags even if it is, feel a little overlapping.
Yalan Mattress is a good one.
34 cm mattresses are not as thick as usual, so don't sleep directly on the mattresses.
The quality is good, both the front and back are soft, sleeping is comfortable, and you fall asleep quickly lying on it.
The mattresses were received with a bit of a stain due to the courier's violent transport, and Yalan's customer service was very responsible and efficient in contacting to resolve the issue.
Amazon is not a self-made product, it's shameless
The page clearly states that the product is self-supplied, but is actually delivered by the supplier. After the sale, the supplier is responsible for the product. If you have any questions, contact the supplier yourself.
To cancel an order, sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier, can not be canceled; to exchange goods, successfully applied for a return on Amazon, sorry, no one cares about you, you need to contact the supplier yourself to return.
This is a self-made product.
The goods are not delivered by Amazon, after the sale Amazon does not take care of it, customer service says that I should help you contact the supplier, and also claims that it is self-employed, it is too shameful, naked do not face, naked to defraud consumers!
The experience was depressing.
The filter was good, and after 28 days, it was still free of scale after another day or two.
Since I have always been able to buy quality products from Amazon, this time I wanted to buy here, I bought the filter core for the first time on Amazon, it didn't feel good, not only did it start to have scale early on, but the filter core was used until the 28th day, there was a small black carbon powder floating, I didn't know whether to continue using it, or just throw it away.
It's not as good as I thought it would be.
Compared to the plugboard I have used before, the exterior works as usual, the interior is not disassembled, but as described by the shop owner, from the ease of use, each separate unit is not equipped with a power supply
The packaging is damaged, so it is time to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is damaged, the inside box looks new, but the instructions are not new, it was renovated in September, it's in stock, hopefully it won't be bad by then, please explain to Amazon why several customers mentioned damaged packaging, but you can be safe, thank you!
Overall, good, but a little problem.
The first time I bought a water pump, I read some reviews, felt that the cost of LAICA was higher than the cost of this one, received the goods according to the instructions, the filter core was installed, tried it, it felt good overall, but when pouring the water, it seemed that the original water would mix with the treated water from the pump mouth (the original water storage is not sealed very strictly).
When you use it, you must filter all the water and then pour it out!
The image is incomplete.
The picture doesn't show the details on the side, the details on the side don't match the style of the subject, there is a big difference, this is one; the beads are made in Thailand, there is no indication of the origin, this is the second; there is no indication of the texture, this is the third; when I bought them in England, there was a box for each item, there was only a simple plastic bag, and there was no product logo on the beads, which I found to be fake.
The Chinese government has also issued a warning to Hong Kong residents to be careful when buying, especially if it comes from Hong Kong.
Amazon's customer service is terrible.
The order was placed two days ago, today I received it and found that it was 40 dollars cheaper, it took a long time to find the customer, the customer said that they could not make up the difference in price, they can buy it again and return it.
This customer experience and service is 10,000 times worse than some of the other deals.
It's worth it to start as a newcomer.
I've seen the prices in the market before, and I'm sure they're hundreds, but this is my first time playing with it.
Things are good.
The mail was good, sent to my girlfriend, but I was a little uncomfortable when I wasn't at Canada Express at noon, the logistics company put the mail directly in the mailbox and sent me a confirmation text message that the item had not been received, which made me run for my life.
But the baby is really good.
It's worth the purchase.
I ordered it last night and received it this afternoon, it was very fast.
The postman is also responsible.
We are all in this together.
A customer confesses
1 When you receive a piece of scrap like this, Amazon customer service tells you not to rush, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then in the middle you contact the customer service, they tell you that the issue will be dealt with by the commissioner, who will inform you of the result.
You never get in touch with the Commissioner, you don't know her work number, you don't have a direct line, you don't get in touch with her, she gets in touch with you.
The tragedy is that after waiting for almost 3 days, the Commissioner contacted me, my phone went out for a while, and I did not receive the Commissioner's call.
I waited for 2 hours and didn't get a call from the commissioner, but I contacted Amazon customer service and emailed the customer service to call me back.
4 Almost 3 days later, I still don't know what Amazon will do with the coffee machine I received from the scrap!
5 There is no problem with Amazon in the US, and it is a good way to shop abroad, but it is much worse than the service offered to me in Asia.
6 As for me, I shall keep in expectation...
The bottom is not flat
Because the reviews are very good, all of the cooking is very much expected, when you get your hands are very happy, very easy, but when you open the cooking found the problem, the bottom of the cooking is not flat, the middle of the bulge, around the bottom, oil ran around, deliberately bought the cooking fat burst a lot of oil could not cover the central area, the paste, the opening can not open, such a structure estimated that the dish can not cook normally.
I don't know if I was unlucky, but I got a really bad soup, and thanks to Amazon's one-month return service, it was cancelled.
I brushed my hair and cleaned it, and left after half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes
It's a very simple design.
The designers have treated the top of the cube as a tiny arc.
It should have been a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
The water tank is covered by a top cover, and the control panel is on the front.
The top cover's curve is not consistent with the curve of the control panel, and the height difference between the two is about 2 mm.
Although it seems like a small gap, it is a huge one.
But it's a bit like destroying the whole design.
I'm sorry for the product designer.
It seems that the product managers of the company are not yet capable of creating products of this standard.
(For the feedback of the after-sales lady, of course, can not ask too high, but when I heard after-sales said that all the individuals of this product are like this, not only I bought this one with a problem, her uncertain and honest burdened emotions made me understand that the beauty can not ask too high) 2019-7-7 water pump failure water output is low, has been repaired for the second time, after the first repair, it broke again two weeks later.
Amazon's fake offer is sad
The baby is born in the first week of the month, and the temperature is super high.
The outer surface of the pump does not absorb any heat, which means that it can effectively protect the temperature without being exposed to the heat.
The temperature of the air conditioned room can still be high after a night.
Amazon said that the annual event had 320 deals, and then it turned out that there were 249,289,299 people, and for a moment there was a feeling of being cheated, but it was still cheaper than the same price in the supermarket, and in the future it will be possible to take it with you.
Vitamix Vitamix 6300 is a brand of vitamin C that is sold in the United States.
I've been waiting for a long time to see the Meia 6300 discount, and I'm looking for the same price in Central Asia and overseas, so hurry up.
I ordered on September 2nd, and the delivery was scheduled for September 21st, but it arrived on the 12th, almost 10 days ahead of schedule, and very fast!
The packaging is small, and it's in the original packaging of Vitamix, and Amazon is not afraid of the breakage of the floating sea!
The machine looks brand new, the accessories are complete, the cups are shaking on the base, I'm afraid to start the machine and the cups will fly out!
Asked a friend who has 5200, he described it as being so relaxed without me.
The randomly attached recipes are all in English, and it looks boring, and I can't find the Chinese version online, which is a hassle!
I was in a hurry to buy a transformer when I received it, and it was estimated that it would arrive in 3 days, so I'll be glad to have it folded!
The material is too small, no casing, and general.
It's not a big deal!
The second is the Totes, 1. This is the one without the hood 2. The handle material is general 3. The name is clearly written Large, which is actually a convenient umbrella for one person, and two people can use it to estimate the size of the umbrella.
The one that was bought in Maya, on the other hand, could be used by three people without pressure.
I'm not feeling well.
First, the box is not very firm, with a push and a deformation, then the back design of the flattened when the box surface to prevent the ABS flower and can not work, again, the box is a piece of cloth wrapped, the lever pointed out... etc., various dissatisfaction, finally the chain a little bit not smooth.
PS: The wheel feels really good.
It's all right.
Pros: The shoulder bag is more refined and looks more durable.
Disadvantages: The card's 2D code cannot be erased ((what the hell), the 15.6-inch notebook cannot be removed ((it's a little longer than that), the shoulder strap can be locked, but without a lock for the buyer, which is not a great service.
The whole thing is fine, but I don't know if it's leather.
The overall feel is good, and you can't judge it without knowing if it's leather.
A document of A4 size can be loaded, but a box of 80 pages thick, but too thick and too hard (not deformable) is estimated to be unloaded.
The bags are soft, the compartments are more human, and they are quite nice.
I'm not sure if it's my personality or the fact that I have a little eye on the bottom of my hand.
I had to go back and forth to change the goods, but I couldn't bear it.
Overall, it's worth four stars.
ForRoyal windshield worldwide camera strap
The design of the back strap is scientific, shoulder-mounted, practical, and the camera is secured and protected in the chest with soft materials, unlike other fast guns, which use screws to secure the bottom of the camera, and it is also convenient to take photos.
After-sales service
I bought a piano a month and a half ago, and it was missing a part, Amazon gave me a call after the sale, after many communications, the part is still not received, please ask what efficiency is this!
I'm not sure if it's the same as the one in the previous post, but I think it's a bit of a stretch to think that the problem is more difficult to fix after the estimate, and that the friends who are expecting a good sale will have to go around the corner, it's too much!
It's a little flawed, but it sounds good.
The head is defective, one horn is missing, it feels like a scrap, and there is no gift, but the price is good, and the sound is good.
And the first one,
I've been using it for a long time, and it's not bad, except for the bass.
The work is not as perfect as I had imagined.
The first time I bought it, there was a problem, all the lights were flickering and not working.
The shipment arrived in Shanghai three days ago and has not been delivered yet.
The phone calls to the delivery service are not answered.
The courier company said they had only that contact.
Amazon has no complaints to be found.
I was not asked to postpone the delivery, but I was asked to postpone the delivery - and I got a text message saying:
What's next for the mediation issue?
The poor shopping experience has led to doubts about the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
I don't think I'll be able to get it today either.
The label is too sticky and waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not covered with a film; and the label is poorly adhesive, so it is not suitable for cable labels, and it is very easy to fall off, so friends who buy and use cable to organize need to pay attention.
The pencil is still available, but the packaging is too simple, it's a cardboard box, there are no protective measures, and the box for the pencil is glued with a large piece of transparent glue, and the glue is torn off and put on the box.
This is what happens to 600 yuan worth of things, a disappointing purchase.
But it's not a problem.
I hope the packaging will be improved!
The quality of the writing is not as good as 925-25
I'm sure you'll be able to find a way to get your order in the mail, but I'm not sure I can find a way to get it to you.
I've been using 925-25 for a long time, it's very good, I just received 925-85, the quality of the pen is not to say, the style is very beautiful, the reason for giving four stars is because the pen is a little heavy, not suitable for fast writing, the pen cap adjusts the length of the fountain pen a little, personal opinion: 925-25 is more fluent than 85.
So it became Amazon death powder
The price of the pencil is very low, so the children don't like to read.
I've unsealed it, tried to request a refund, and got it for free.
It's too much.
The company is not promoting returns, but it is the only one in China that offers this service.
I hope it's not abused.
The book was published in the year of the first edition of the book, and the books were later moved to this place.
The headphones are too loud, and there's noise.
I don't know if it's my ears or if the headphones are really not as good as they used to be.
I bought a blue one two years ago at a local store, the sound quality is good, no noise, no bass, and after more than two years of bad use, I'm going to buy another one (urbeats), and it still feels good.
I also saw a purple one that looked pretty good, so I bought this one today, and I just opened it and it didn't feel right, it was both loud and soft.
At first I thought it was the sound effects of the song, but after listening for half a day I realized that the problem was serious, not only the distortion, the bass sound effect was not good, but there was some noise, is it only the purple I bought that has this phenomenon? or is the headphone manufacturing process really not working now?
The review was rather poor, and I was disappointed.
The return must be made by tomorrow morning.
PS is good
The AV is a complex setup, roughly shaped, and produces a lot of heat.
The voice is going to take a while to evaluate!
The German version of DN1080 was released on August 14th.
1. The front panel and the knob are made of plastic.
The backboard audio input socket, horn output terminals are very bad, and the CD power unit of 1000-2000 is much better than this one.
3. The top cover was thin, my transformer side was too far down, and I had to unpack it by hand to restore it, and the top cover and the front panel were loose.
4. The entire machine is oriented towards the transformer end, and is not twisted when moving.
It feels like a SONY entry-level machine, just working, made in Malaysia.
I feel that Sony is better off working for China than the Chinese.
5. The machine is heating up, the two-way channel used to watch movies for about 2 hours, the top cover is touched with your hand and has 40-50 °C, I don't know if the transformer is too big to generate heat.
The estimated weight of this huge transformer is 4 kg.
Sony should have used a silent fan inside the machine that actively dissipates heat, and when unpacked, only large aluminum plate heat spreading chips on the pipe should be visible.
The Little Prince
FANDUN JEEP is a clothing company that integrates design, manufacturing, marketing and trading into one, mainly producing men's outdoor leisure clothing. It is a young and thriving company.
FANDUN JEEP clothing focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industry, introducing international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and building a first-class clothing production line in the country.
The pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.
In the field of information construction, efforts to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that enterprises are strengthened and improved in terms of comprehensive management capabilities, and overall improved the level of modern management of enterprises.
The company adheres to the principles of integrity, harmony, quality and excellence, and its products are well-established in the domestic market and are favored by the majority of customers.
The Jeep is a young, confident, and stylish outfit!
We warmly welcome our local and foreign businessmen to come and work together to create something great!
The company's mission is to lead the way and establish a brand.
It's not open.
Battery is running.
I'd like to see what's inside the body.
And then I thought, well, if you take it down, you're disappointed, and you're wrong to spend all that money, and if you take it down, you're happy, and it's hard to put it back together, and it's not fun to wear.
I'm not sure if this is the case, but I'm not sure if it's the case.
As for the details of the electricity, the average person is going to be amazed.
I'm fine, I've worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time, and I'm half battery engineer, except I don't know anything about circuits.
I was so happy.
I was really confused before buying it, and it felt good until I opened the package!
When I finally touched the headphone cord, it felt so soft and so good quality, I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone to play QQ Music.
I was amazed that the sound was surrounded by 3D!
I asked in the physical newsroom, about 30 or so, but it's not a Vintage brand, it's a mixed brand, so I say this Vintage is worth owning, even though it's 27 bucks, but the price is absolutely worth it!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing the order on September 28, the system shows that the order has been shipped, and the result is that the order has not been received until October 12.
Check the status of your order on Amazon, the seller does not provide the delivery number, and you cannot find where the order is.
So I emailed the seller asking if they could provide the delivery number, and after two days, there was no response.
I called the seller again, and after a few calls, the phone rang, and they told me that the delivery was lost, and that they could send me another one right away.
Although I was especially angry, I didn't say much to the seller because of the urgent need for the computer, so it was better to send it to me immediately.
The next day, I called to ask if the shipment had arrived.
The seller said no, it will be sent in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon, the seller said it would be sent, and it was delivered after 5-6 pm, but when I called again at 7 pm, no one answered.
Did I call again the third morning and ask for the goods to be sent?
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said no, tell me if I'm in a hurry, I'll order from another place, if possible, wait until the afternoon.
I can't wait to order from someone else.
The only thing we can do is ask the seller to send it quickly.
After a lot of phone tracking, I finally received my computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because it was bought for someone else, so add comments later.
I bought it six months ago, haven't used it for a few times, and now it's badly damaged, can I have it repaired?
I have a desktop computer, but I haven't used it much since I bought it.
I've only used it a few times in my suitcase.
Recently, it was discovered that when connected to a power source, the charger does not charge, and the charger and the wire need to be held with the left hand and right hand to charge the connection points.
I wonder if it's a problem with the interface, or if it's something that can be fixed now?
Amazon strongly recommends that you stop using EMS!
The first is the cost of the goods, the second is the cost of the logistics, and the third is the cost of the service.
I don't know why Amazon sends EMS, which is not trustworthy in the industry, well, computers are also valuable items!
The order said that the 20th was expected, so the family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take 45 days to get from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
The 22nd morning, Cha Logistics finally arrived in Fuzhou, ready to receive the goods, and as a result, in the evening, without receiving any phone calls or text messages, Cha Logistics was finally accepted at noon, and the person who signed it was also shown!
I was shocked!
Who am I? Where am I? Did I really buy this computer?
I'm not sure what to do with my life.
The computer was finally returned after running for a generation.
The reason for this is simply that the delivery boy has misplaced the two numbers, so that the item is not lost.
I strongly recommend Amazon not to use EMS, and I will definitely not buy it again if Amazon sends it to me via EMS.
Good stuff
First of all, I just bought a few days to find the price reduction, bad reviews, it is still good, the price is high, the cpu and graphics card is enough to cope with the mainstream online games and a considerable part of the large single computer, heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a little leaky (the epidemic of the screen ip), the sound quality is not very good, the hard disk is not good (recommend to spend some money to add a solid state), yesterday took the after-sale to detect the hardware, no problem, the win8.1 is not very good, recommend upgrading to 10, the seller ships quickly, all inquiries are answered quickly, the next day the computer received the ticket, well, unfortunately there is nothing to send.
(By the way, don't go to a store called E Cool Digital Center to buy a keyboard sticker, the shipment is slow, the quality is poor, the product has problems and cannot be replaced, the boss is full of dirty words, especially expose it)
Things are good, the platform bureaucracy is still there
The quality of the hard drive is very good, the price is absolutely high, it is cheaper than buying in Hong Kong, it is definitely recommended to buy it if you are not in a hurry and can withstand the logistics.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same, it's not much better than it was a few years ago when I swore it was absolutely useless, you never see the actual logistics, the information is always weeks later, you can never complain, it's so bureaucratic!
The delivery is a few days away, the logistics information is still 10 days away, and you will receive the goods!
Logistics is not a concern
The packaging is not only open, but also the electrical packaging is open, and it is not known if the package has been changed.
FYI
The company has not tested the device yet, and has always relied on Philips to give it a longer battery life than other brands.
I checked online, it could be waterborne disease and there is no warranty.
The flower!
Now, how long will it be wrapped in a preservative?
I bought it when someone else had it removed.
The tax on more than 300 machines is really high, but the tax on more than 600 machines is more balanced.
When the receipt of the seal of the chip looks very bad, like it was opened, hurried to take a picture, then tear it open, opened the inside of the cardboard and damage, fear that someone else back, before the anniversary rushed to test the husband, the machine has no electricity, better the knife head without scum, or not big old far back!
It's not clear if it's going to be useful or if there will be any short-term problems, but as the previous review said, the stuff sent out when it's out of stock is really not reliable!
The experience is superior.
There are many different types of toothbrushes, but few people change their brushes every day.
I have been using it for 6 months without any problems, brushing daily, and almost 1 more than Monday.
The brush head accessories are also cheaper on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, other than changing the colors, other seeming compatibility issues are the reason for the overseas version?
I hope to learn more about the law.
The price is high.
It's been used 3-4 times already.
1  Packed
2. Very easy to use and easy to clean.
3 - You can do it yourself and save money.
All in all, a very successful purchase.
There are fakes.
Last time I bought two packages, actually two different versions, the words in the bottom left corner of the packaging were green, but one of the packages was not, it was white, and the cat ate the cat and pulled the belly.
I'm not sure if the Amazon source is fake or if the shipment was packed by the staff.
I will buy another one, and if it is fake, I will hold you responsible.
It's a lie!
Amazon pictures are italic, and I get the horizontal ones, isn't that a scam?
It worked.
The cat likes to eat, that's the point.
It is also effective.
The first is the "Tight, narrow, squat, back rub" of the feet.
Not recommended
1.UN is the most comfortable series of Clarks, but this one is too bad.
Added: Today's comparison with the previous UN series of shoes (shoes that are thrown away and left to use), the material is much worse than before, less elastic than before, not as breathable as before, so it is a fake soft.
2. My feet are not very tall, and the ankle is about 3 cm forward at the top of the foot.
3. Three pairs of clarks bought abroad, only one pair fit.
I'm afraid I deleted all the music from my collection.
I'm going back to Rockport, and I'm going to the Echo store instead.
The next time, it's better, but the taste is not good.
First of all, it is worth noting that Prime's overseas purchase of UPS was very lucrative, and the number 6 under the number 31 was received.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, the skin feels good.
The shoe is a little bit larger, 25 feet long, 10.5 wide, 7.5 W, and the upper leg is a little loose, but I usually like to wear loose, and I wear a pair of shoes just right.
Secondly, the taste control of the shoes is really bad, one of the soles is broken, the other has scratches and a pinhole, the soles are connected with the soles of the shoes with the wrong bars, and the soles are perfect!
A little bit of regret!
The price of the event was 280 Rupees, which is a fairly reasonable price to buy Arthur, but of course there are lower prices to see in the reviews.
Now let's talk about shoes, the advantages: they are light, comfortable to run, fit well, and do not loosen.
The quality is high but the drawbacks are obvious: I usually wear 40 shoes, this time I bought 40.5, and the front of the shoe is about 1 thumbs away, but it doesn't matter.
The shoes are very tight, and although there is a gap in the front, it feels tight.
And the shoes probably don't breathe very well, and now I feel hot in my feet.
The foot is pressed against the back.
First of all, the shoes work well, and are worth the price.
I have a very standard foot, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, Amazon love shoes have also bought a few pairs, never had a mismatch, but these pair I refer to the comments, buy a uk7, upper foot because the length of one yard is obviously biased, but because the shoe is too thick, or the pressure on the back of the foot is strong, plus hiking shoes are very hard, causing the upper foot is very painful.
If you are not particularly thin, this is not recommended.
If you have to buy a new pair of shoes, it's a good solution, but the original pair of shoes look very high-end, no need and a pity.
It was a perfect shopping trip!
Very satisfied, very like, Amazon overseas purchase is authentic, no doubt, the quality is very good, the price is cheap, buy reassurance, after-sales service is very thoughtful, customer service is very friendly and friendly, handling problems patience and efficiency, perfectly solved after-care concerns, the delivery of the delivery delivery is very convenient and secure, the delivery man is very thoughtful about the customer, every time will remind you to pick up the goods from the delivery cabinet, thank you Amazon to provide customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
In short, we all love shopping on Amazon overseas!
This is a terrible comment!
The company is not a good example of a company that is not a good example of a company that is not a good example of a company that is not a good example of a company.
The same applies to the Amazon store, which is a very popular place for buying electronic products.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm going to have to do it.
The winter ones, less than 200, are left at home for months without use.
The two devices were found to be incompatible with each other in the spring, and the instructions for each device indicated that they were compatible with each other. Later, it was discovered that the problem was the heart rate band, because the other devices were not compatible.
Call Amazon and let me contact the agency, and the agency let me send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the items were returned in their original packaging, and even the box was the same as the one I had used when I sent them!
No response and no reprimand and no test report!
You can tell me if it's good or bad!
It's good to call and ask, and to send back a message that the equipment is fine.
But I couldn't get in, and the agency replied: "That's none of their business".
Even if I'm lucky, I'll be punished for something worth 200 dollars.
The seriousness of the situation is not clear.
The very wrong board.
The headband is very well made.
It's better than Nike.
The air is very good.
The hat in front of me.
Very small.
Do you want to make fun of me?
The sun is not shining on the ground.
No refunds because it's a good headband.
The sun is not shining, but the sky is shining.
The headband is different from the other headbands.
Keep it.
The quality of the goods is good, the lack of contract spirit on Amazon, the delivery man is good.
I ordered the delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon has a rule that you can't deliver on Saturdays and Sundays.
I'm sorry, I had to drive 200 km from the country to get my goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery person was very positive and enthusiastic.
Give it a go!
Goods, just a taste, and good.
But I have never bought anything like this before, so it's not comparable!
Size and logistics
I can still do the work, the logistics are too slow, the previous shoes were DHL, this time Apex is really... I bought a lot of UA in the country, the price is not low, it feels like it is higher than the NIKE ADIDAS?
I'm not sure if this is a good idea, but it's a good idea.
Size: I'm 176cm, 68KG, my shoulders are 180 in general, I bought M, the bottom is slightly longer, the others are well dressed, I see that there is a recommended S-code, is the body so slim? Or do you like tight? I think the hat is loose.
The right size.
Breastplate 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, before buying consulted customer service was told to buy xxxl, then read the comments decided to get L, after receiving the goods found the size is correct, almost was dug.
The price of the Double Eleven is much higher than that of the Black Five.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
Z's Affordable Goods are a problem!
The number 18 is the number of the order, the goods were received on the 25th, the speed of the cattle from Guangzhou to Beijing!
The product was purchased at Z Discount, the description said it had scratches, but when we received it we found that it was missing 4 screws and nuts!
The child didn't want to return the item, and didn't have much of a problem, but the accessory was such a small part that the child ran to the nearest hardware store and didn't buy it!
Finally, the glue!
It seems that Z Affordable is no longer available!
The quality of the toys is poor.
The bolt holes are mostly out of alignment, the top bolt is very difficult, the quality of the workmanship is not good, and you don't know how long you can play, because it is what you promised the child, and it does not go back.
I'm not sure if this is the only problem with the one I bought, but I'm sure it's the only one that's not installed.
Very common
Is it my bad luck?
The packaging is old; the work is common; the music is one and only eight seconds long and then repeated; the movement is to shake your head and go back and forth, without any change.
It's not worth it.
No refunds for urgent use.
The quality of the toys is good, spit out the packaging
Yesterday I received a courier, Amazon bought it, marked EMS shipping, and finally the courier from Tmall came, how many coins did it turn?
And then there's the packaging, which is several layers of preservative film, not even a plastic bubble wrap, open a look, all the parts are in an empty box, good quality toys, no broken parts, is too much than imagined, because not with batteries, hand pushing often off track, feel the gaps on both sides of the track are too large, the design is not reasonable.
Quality and fun
It's fun, the components are very precise, the workmanship is very good, the quality is almost like Lego, and the price is very good for the activity.
The process of assembling was fun, I was there, my five-year-old son was there, it was fun.
He joked that he would probably continue to buy the brand's toys for years to come.
The new machine is good at tapping.
I bought it for $150 at Christmas, but it's a little slow to ship.
The machine is good, it's new.
The built-in pickaxe.
Then the words that connect the elf balls will send a dream.
It's a good game, and it's more portable than the PS4.
I've already bought a Zelda, wait for the game, try again.
Producing bad goods, selling bad goods, and then selling bad goods, buying six watches to send to the kids, one of which shows incomplete numbers, and the six watches are not consistent, with a difference of ten hours.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if the watches were checked in stock? They replied that if there were, then why the difference in the checking time was so much, it must be that the watches were not accurate, simply put, they were water cargo products, not what I said.
I contacted the sellers, and they gave me a bunch of reasons, and they complained about the products they shouldn't have bought, the sellers, the after-sales service, and who would ever buy anything on Amazon.
I would recommend not to buy from this seller, it is also junk.
Amazon shipping issues
The inspection found:
1  The packaging is badly damaged
2/ The form was used in a serious way.
3 ∙ The clock is not working, the lamp is not charging, and the time cannot be adjusted ◦
The first is to contact Amazon Customer Service, and the second is to contact Amazon Customer Service, and the third is to contact Amazon Customer Service, and the fourth is to contact Amazon Customer Service, and the fourth is to contact Amazon Customer Service, and the fifth is to contact Amazon Customer Service.
The reason for the 5 and 2 points is that the customer service is good.
All I can say is, it's a match.
The time is not very accurate, it is about a second faster every day, and it has been two minutes faster for a few months.
I've used a piece of Western Iron before, and I feel like it's going to last a year or two.
The calendar is a good one, but the timing is a bit clumsy, it's not really useful, and sometimes you can get it into the wrong time mode.
Solar sports watches
Pros: Solar charging without worrying about changing batteries, world time, multiple batteries and full-time reminders.
The mirror is scratchy and dusty.
Price: The average price in the country is between 220-300 and overseas is more than 180 (about 1 week).
Satisfied watch
It must be authentic, go to the counter to check the goods, the appearance of the table is beautiful, the workmanship is fine, the material is used, plus the imported mechanical movement, so there is a certain percentage, those three or four hundred so-called mechanical table can not be compared, this is the real value of the goods.
The time of the watch is very accurate, the error is completely within the acceptable range, the packaging of the watch has a certificate of jewelry authentication, the 12 words on the dial are real diamonds, this is very suitable to wear yourself, and it is very face to give as a gift.
The Bentley table is really good.
One of the worst shopping experiences ever
On the night of September 23, my wife's phone fell off, and my heart raced. Amazon ordered an 8p, which was available but not self-made and without any price increase (my heart was happy), and since the non-self-made shipment was slow, the system showed that the latest expected delivery was until September 27.
My wife died without a cell phone, so the next morning at 6am I called to find out what to do, and then I went to Tokyo to see if there was a 256G that could be delivered that day, but I had to order another one right away.
The new one is a good one, and I want to cancel the Amazon order right away.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was not possible to receive the courier in the early morning, so after 7 am I called customer service to cancel the order, and the customer service replied that it had been canceled. Please wait for the SMS notification.
Well, I waited patiently, and at noon I looked at the handset, the order was still in the same state and had not been sent, I immediately contacted customer service to cancel the order, and the customer service replied that it was OK.
At 3pm, the order was still there, so I had no choice but to call customer service again and tell them that it was the third time, please cancel the order and tell the seller not to send it!
The customer service contacted the seller at my request and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that they would have to wait until they were familiar with the system to cancel the order.
But make it clear that the seller knows about it and will not ship it.
I was surprised to see the order on Monday, and it was already shipped.
Since the seller cannot be contacted directly, the customer service can only be contacted again.
The process is simple, I say one thing and the customer service does the next.
The order is still in the "Denied" state, and is ready to be sent again!
Wouldn't Amazon follow suit?
The seller's company has already received the money and it's not a big deal if they don't follow up.
In conclusion, there is no way to pay in advance for the next big project, it's too much trouble.
It looks good.
I saw this camera a long time ago, but I didn't buy it because of other reasons besides the price, this time it was because of the packaging and the price was also good.
After buying the other is no problem, is when the software connection, how can not connect, my home is TP's router, after searching the Internet found that many people have this problem, made more than two hours, various changes in the settings of the router, finally I use 360 WIFI as a medium to fix, during the call to the customer service, they have no solution to this problem, I just let me contact Amazon for after-sales.
Another thing worth noting is that I saw some comments online that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, and smaller memory cards are not recognized, so I hope you will pay attention to this.
The sound quality is poor, the machine has a certain amount of heat, and if it is turned on, it is a little difficult to accept this degree of heat.
In summary, there are many shortcomings in this product, so please be careful when buying.
The reason I gave it 3 stars is because it was bought with the first love of my life, who I had been with for almost 3 years, and who left me last year, until now.
The reason I gave it 3 stars is because I bought it with my first love, and now I don't know how much I used it, maybe I threw it away!
After almost 3 years of dating, she left me last year, and now, when I think of her, I want to leave this world with a heartache, the first woman in my life, who brought me a lifetime of shadow and heartache, and I have not been able to get out until now.
When I bought this phone, I thought about how I felt at the time, that I could still suffer with Gan, but now I can't bear it, life may be like this, some people don't want to meet in their lives, some things they don't want to know in their lives, but what is the solution?
I never used a phone worth more than 2000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I didn't hesitate to say goodbye to one person, but one day when she changed her mind, all the promises and promises vanished.
The national brands of the country's boutiques
Huawei is a national product.
The low-key bosses and companies that rely on technology and quality to win customers are very different from the businessmen who rely on advertising to increase visibility!
The company that is not strong enough to do this is not going to be able to do it, and it is not going to dare to do it!
I'm not sure why I chose Huawei.
I bought it over six months ago and it feels good, very good.
The reason I didn't give it a full score was because I had a misplaced positioning when I was using it offline, and I didn't find out why, the rest of the time it was fine.
And it's also very practical to have an online destination, a search, an automatic route, and an offline navigation, without running traffic, and it's very good to have a direct satellite conversation to get the positioning and navigation, very good!
Sony is right.
Sony's low-end model is still in good shape, and is cheap, with a large screen and a high-end battery, suitable for older people.
Although the time has passed, the machine is still in good shape.
But since my Z2 is down, this phone has done its job.
