This document is prepared in accordance with the provisions of GB/T 1.1-202 Working Guide Part I: Structure and drafting rules for standardization documents.
This document replaces GB 18030 I 2005 Information Technology Chinese characters as compared to GB 18030 I 2005 The main changes to the extension are, apart from structural adjustments and editorial changes, the following:
Added subject of this document (see Chapter 1),
The code position of the GB/I 13000 code corresponding to 10 bulleted points and 8 characters components in the two-byte coding area is changed to the position of 6 double-coded characters components and 9 double-coded characters ((See Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions were changed in the four-byte coding region (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
Added characters and part/parts of the appendix have been removed; see appendix 0 of the 2005 edition.
increase the level of implementation " (see Figure 9);
A reference appendix has been added to the ISO alphabetical alphabetical list; the code for the word in question is given in the appendix.
Please note that some of the contents of this document may involve patents. The issuer of this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document is proposed and approved by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The sequence of versions of this document and its replacement is as follows:
First published in 2000 as GB 18030. First revised in 2000 and 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 January 2022
Information expansion and Chinese characters
1 This document specifies the Chinese graphic characters and the 16-digit representation of binary code for information technology 。.
This document is applicable to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of information in Chinese and other written graphic characters.
This specification applies to those technology products with Chinese and other text graphic characters informatized processing and exchange, including, but not limited to software products represented by input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing, correction, machine translation, voice synthesis, transcription, John writing, etc., and notebook products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book readers, and learning machines.
2 Leaked documents
The contents of the following documents constitute the essential provisions of the cost document with normative references in the text.
Among these, only the version of the reference document dated with that date applies to this document; the reference document with no date applies to this document, the latest version of which (including all amendments) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312 1 1980 Set of characters encoded in Chinese characters for the exchange of information in
GB/I 11383 January 1989 Information processing and encoding rules for the exchange of information using eight-bit codes
GB/work 13000 information technology general purpose eight-bit coded character set ((UCS)
3 Terms and definitions
The following language and definitions apply to this document:
3.1 Character
An element in a set of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encodings are shown.
3.3 Private use area
Users with products that comply with this document may use their own area of specification
3.4 Vocabulary and repertoire
A specified character ((3.1) represented by the set of encoded characters (3.2) set 。
3.5 Reserved zone
The areas specified in this document shall remain for the future.
GB 18030 January 2022
4 Vocabulary
4.1 Summary of
The characters in this file are encoded in single, double, or quadrimobaby.
A single-byte part contains all 128 characters of GB/T 11383 January 1989 0x00-0x7F.
4.3 The two-byte part
A two-byte section contains all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312 in 1980, the CJK uniform characters in GB/T 13000, and part of the graphic characters.
The characters in the two-byte portion are as specified in Appendix A.
The graphics, code position and function of the semantic character descriptor shall comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 Uniform Chinese character code for countries and regions like China, Japan, the People's Republic of China, and Vietnam.
The characters with unique abstract characters are assigned a unique code position; characters with the same abstract characters from different sources are assigned a shared code position.
The codified characters are known as CJK Unified Ideographs (CCJK), where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Quad byte
The four bytes section consists of 66 of the CJK Unicode characters from GB/T 13000 in addition to the above two-byte characters ((9FA6 one 9FEF, not including 8 characters of 9FB4~9FBB), CJK Unicode Extension A, CJK Unicode Extension BCJK Unicode Extension C, CJK Unicode Extension DCJK Unicode Extension C. CJK Unicode Extension F and the characters of minority characters already encoded in GB/Architecture 13000.
Characters of the four-byte part shall be as specified in Appendix C.
5 General structure
All digits preceded by 0x are represented in the hexadecimal system, and all digits without the 0x in the decimal system.
Numbers in the appendix are in the decimal system; the other numbers in the appendix are in the sixteenth.
The single-byte portion uses the encoding structure of GB/T 11383 I 1989 so as to use the 0x00 to 0x7F bytes.
The two-letter acronym part is a character represented by two eight-digit binary bit strings, whose first octets code from 0x81 to 0xFE and the last octets code from 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE.
Four-byte portion of the encoding is GB/Work 11383 1 1989 Not used 0x30 1 0x39 As an extension of the two-byte encoding suffix, the encoding range is 0x81308130 1 0xFE39FE39.
The first four-byte character is encoded in the range 0x81 1 0xFE; the second is encoded in the range 0x30 1 0x39; the third is encoded in the range 0x81 1 0xFE; the fourth is encoded in the range 0x30 1 0x39 ᄒ, as follows: 0x81308130 1 0x81308139; 0x81308230 1 0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30 1 0x8130FE39 ; 0x81318130 1 0x81318139 ; Oo2douolag0c 0URo23061393 0xFE3930 0xFE39 FE39 ฀
The overall structure and berth range are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
6 Character order
6.1 The order of the partial characters in the wordbrush
Individual subscript characters arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383 I 1989.
6.2 The order of the characters in the alphabet.
The order of the characters under the diacritic should be in accordance with Appendix A。
6.3 The order of the characters
All 50400 character bytes from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39 in the GB/T 13000 basic polyphonic plane which are not included in the corresponding two-byte section, sorted in the order of the corresponding characters of the GB/T 13000 basic polyphonic plane 。
A total of 1058400 bytes from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, ordered by characters in the order of the bytes in the corresponding 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the four-byte part should be in accordance with Appendix C.
7 bytes allocated
1. Allocation of slots in the single market segment
The one-byte portion of a byte is allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383 I 1989.
The byte byte distribution is shown in Figure 2.
2. Allocation of bytes for the binomial part
The two-byte segment is divided into two segments: 0x8140 ~ 1 0xFE7E and 0x8180 ~ 1 0xFEFE, for a total of 23940 bits.
The two-byte allocation is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
The total: 23,940 bytes
Two byte area 1: 846 bytes
6080 yards of SS WA and RS Twinings 3
The first byte 0xA8 to 0xA9 Two byte zone 5: 192 bytes
3. The two-word vegetation part codes the spatial structure map.
Table 2 List of yards in the Dicastery
Number of people
Yard allocation for the quadrant part
The four bytes contained Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters.
The four-byte bandwidth allocation is shown in Table 3.
For quad-bit-width allocations not specified in Table 3, see 6.3.
Table 3 arrangement of yards in the Quaternary
Port area
The yards in the four-byte part of Table 3 (continued)
Yard range of the yards
A total of 25200 bytes are available for user-defined areas from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The remaining four bytes are reserved for future file extensions.
8 Description of some characters and code
The lettering in some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions are adjusted in this document in relation to GB 18030 I 2005 (see Appendix D)).
9.1 Common rules
This document provides three levels of implementation:
System software products that conform to the corresponding implementation level should provide the input and output functions of all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Implementation level 1
The implementation of Level 1 text contains the single-byte coding part of this file, the dual-season coding part and the four-letter coding part of the CJK Unicode (i.e. 0x82358F33 1 0x82359636) and the CJK Unicode Extension A ((i.e. 0x8139EE39 1 0x82358738)).
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements of Implementation Level 1.
Note: Depending on the application, implementation level 1 may be chosen from any one or more of the non-Chinese languages listed in Table 3.
9.3 Level 2 of implementation
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.
In addition, implementation level 2 also maintains the not contained encoding characters within real level 1 in the generic specification character table.
For the location and formatting of these characters in this document, see the appendix below.
System software and supporting software should meet the requirements of implementation level 2.
Note: System software and scripting software include but are not limited to operating systems, database management systems, middleware (see GB/Enterprise 36475. For information on the classification of software products.)
9.4 Level 3
Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2.
In addition, the implementation level 3 has all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the Context section head of Table 3.
Products used for administrative and public services shall meet the requirements for achieving Level 3.
Note: The civil and shared service industries include, but are not limited to: rail transportation, road transportation, water transportation, air transportation, multimodal transportation and transportation agencies, postal, currency and financial services, insurance, land, administration, health, state agencies, social security, etc. (information on sector classification can be found in GB/Industry 4754).
Annex A (norms) is replaced by the following:
List of characters
Contents of Table A.1
This table gives the typeface and code for the two byte encoding character, along with the corresponding GB/T 13000 code location for that character.
Note to Table A.2
For example:
First byte second byte low
Binary byte area 3
Second byte high bit GBCT 13000 code location
Appendix B (Conformity to the Code)
The character description
The appendix contains 13 semantic descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000 and gives their graphics. Code location and function description:
For details see Table B.1.
Graphic, code location and functional description of the abstract descriptors in Table B.1
The character bits of GB/T 13000 in this file are similar and not equal to the character bits used to express the foreign words borrowed from a word.
Left and right structure
Up and down
Left-centered right structure
Upper, middle and lower structure
Full enclosure
Back to the fence
Back to the enclosure
Back to the right
Back to the bottom right
Back to the left
Back to the top right
Rental structure
Annex C (normative) and
List of four-letter characters
Contents of Table C.1
This table gives the characters and codes for Chinese and some minority languages. It also gives the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code for the characters except the location, the other part of the alphabet, from a
Explanation of Table C.2
Annex D (for reference purposes)
Description of some of the characters and code
D.1 18 GB/T 13000 code locations adjusted
B 18030 I 2005 stipulates the temporary code positions of 10 bullet points and eight characters components in GB/I 13000, which have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 The adjusted code corresponds to relation continuation
The corresponding GB/T 13000 bytes for this document and the corresponding GB 18030 I 2005 by this document
D.2 6 Chinese characters removed in the Twilight Zone
Table D.2 Code location and reserved font
D.3 9 CJK-compatible characters removed in the Double Subtitle
This file deletes nine CJK characters from the entry GB/TI 13000 in GB 18030 I 2005, as shown in Table D.3 。
The 9 CJK-compatible characters removed from Table D.3 and their code locations
List of characters in the (informational) column of the General Specification
This document contains all of the 8105 standard characters in the 4 Common Uniform Characters table approved by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013, with their code location and letterforms listed in Table 1.
The ordering of characters in the table is consistent with the specific order of characters in the 4-General Specifications List of Characters. The characters in order 1 in order 3500 are first-class characters, the characters in order 3501 in order 6500 are second-class characters, and the characters in order 6501 in order 8105 are third-class characters.
Table E.1 List of characters in the GIS
GB/work 4754 Classification of sectors of the national economy
GB/ engineering 36475 Software product classification
Standard Code of Classical Chinese, adopted by the State Council of the People's Republic of China (No. 23).
This manual page is taken from the full documentation of the GNU C compiler, and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
EURo and Info documents are authoritative unless someone volunteers to maintain them.
If you find a discrepancy between the manual pages and the software, please consult Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is causing obvious confusion or complaints due to its obsolescence, we will stop publishing it. There cannot be another option, like updating the Infob file at the same time as updating the man manual, because other maintenance jobs for Gnu cc have not left us time to do this. The GNU engineering considers the man manual to be obsolete and should spend time elsewhere.
For the full and up-to-date documentation, please see the Info file `gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are from the Texinfo source gee. texinfo.
DESCRIPTION C and C++ compilers are integrated. They all handle the input file in one or more of four steps: preprocessing, compilation, assembly, and linking.
The suffix name of the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix name controls the default setting:
gcc considers the preprocessed file ((.i) to be a c file, and sets the connection to the form c,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c++ file and sets the connection to the c++ form.
The post-level name of the source file indicates the language type and subsequent operations:
.c C source program; preprocessed, compiled and compiled
.C C++ source code; preprocessed, compiled and compiled
.cc C++ source code; preprocessed, compiled and compiled
CXX C++ source code; preprocessed, compiled and assembled
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessed, compiled and compiled
.i preprocessed c files; compiled, compiled
.ii Preprocessed c++ files; compiled, assembled
.s compiles language source programs; compiles
Compilation of source language programs; preprocessing and compilation
.h preprocessor files; files that are not normally present under another name on the command line are passed to the linker. Typically these include:
.0 Object file
This is an archive file.
Connections are always the last step, unless the -cec-, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error blocks the entire process).
At the connection stage, all.e files, -1 library files, unidentified filenames ((including the specified.o H files and.a library files corresponding to the source program) are passed to the connector options in the order of the command line.
The option must be given separately: de'is completely different from `-d-r '.
Most `-=E: and `-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
The formats listed here are not the default options.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in later chapters.
The code generation option
Overall option
Make clear that the language of the file input is the language (rather than the default choice from the file name suffix).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option is available in.language
Turn off any explicit language pronouncements that are consequent to the filename suffix processing the file behind the RE AS E ` -x' option).
If only part of the four steps (Preprocess, Compile, Compile, Connect) is operated, the ∀ -x' option (or Ah after the filename) can be used to tell geo where to begin, and the ∀~-c', `-s', or `-E' option to tell geo where to end. Note that certain combinations of options (e.g., ∀-x cpp-output-E') {i gee MEF =c compile or compile a source file, ETER. In the absence of the ERA ATI, GCC uses a ▽.o' by replacing the source file name after the file name in the ∀.ec file name label. Other options can be used to choose a name.
This is what happened to the target file.
After compilation it stops, and no compilation is done.
Because the compiler for those systems cannot read data from the pipeline, the compiler of GNU does not have this problem; the compiler can accept C "dialects" to work between different stages of the compilation process: it supports ANSI-compliant C programs.
This turns off certain keywords in GNU Cc that do not support ANSI Cc, as well as certain ANSI trigraph features that indicate proper and rarely used ANSI trigraph attributes such as unix and vax, and turns it off despite its usage in all standard libraries in a hosted environment. The main function returns an int value; typical examples are almost all programs except for the kernel. The corresponding free-standing environment does not have a standard library, nor is the program port necessarily main, the most obvious example being the kernel within the operating system.
Function declarations without arguments, e.g. `int foo (); ', treated in C style -- i.e. without specifying the number or type of arguments. (C++ only).
Normally, a function like foo means that the argument is empty in C++.
Section list is removed from here in an attempt to support some aspects of the traditional C compiler.
The NU c manual details, which we have removed, so that when the content is out of date, people don't read it.
Except for one thing: for c++ programs (not C), the '∀ -traditional' option brings an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned.
He is the same as the result of the '`-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
In particular, the preprocessor mentioned above, but excluding the other effects of the '`-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of the character `$' in identifiers (for C++ only).
You can specify the `-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly prohibit the use of the ` $' character.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not all.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion of the ant type to the enumeration type (MEF c++).
Under normal circumstances, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal-templates -fexternal-templates produces small code for the template declaration (limited to c++), by generating one copy for each template function only where they are defined.
To successfully use this option, you must label in all files that use the template, `#pragma implementatio' (definition) or `#Pragma interface' (statement).
When the program compiles with `-fexternal-templates', the template instantiation is all external type. You must have the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be done through typedef, which quotes each instance that is needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option used when compiling ` -fno-exteznal-templates', all template instances are explicitly set to built-in.
All member functions (except the constructor subfunction and the mnew or delete member operator) are treated as virtual functions of the class they belong to.
This does not imply that every call to the member function will be through the internal null table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; then it does so.
-fcond-mismatch Allows type mismatch of the second and third parameters of a conditional expression.
The value of this expression is Void.-fthis-is-variable which allows this to be assigned a value (for c++ only).
The incorporation of user-defined free storage management mechanisms into c++ makes the attributable '`this' seem out of place.
Therefore, by default, the assignment of this is invalid inside the class member function.
However, for backward compatibility, you can enable this by selecting the '`-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char Defines char as a symbolless type, like unsigned char.
Each machine has its own default type of char. They can be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz when relying on the symmetry of the data.
But many programs have been written using only simple char, and the endpoint is that with a symbol number ((or no symbol number, depending on the target machine for which the program is written).
This option, and its antiderivative option, enables that program to work on the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be clearly defined as a signed char or an unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If there is no explicitly declared ` signed' or "unsigned' modifier, these options are used to define bitfields with or without symbols.
By default, bit fields are signed because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed; however, if the '▽-traditional' option is specified, the bit fields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in a writable data segment without special treatment.
This is to be compatible with some old programs where it's a very bad idea to change string constants, the '`-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
The impact of coronavirus pneumonia on the drug market
The impact could be similar to the 2008 financial crisis.
The global epidemic of coronavirus pneumonia has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has left health services crippled and on the verge of collapse, and the restrictive measures taken by governments have caused considerable disruption in the global economy.
The impact of this epidemic on the drug market is unclear and difficult to predict, but it could be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs as restrictions on circulation limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Smugglers are unable to cross the border due to travel restrictions, and may have to find new routes and methods.
Modes of drug use and supply may change and the government's ability to respond could be hindered.
The transformation of the new coronavirus is unprecedented, but there are lessons to be learned from past crises.
After the economic crisis of 2008, some users began looking for cheaper synthetic substances and switched to injectable drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut their budgets related to drugs.
Interventions such as prevention of drug use and related risk behaviors and drug treatment services could be hit hard if governments respond to the current economic recession in the same manner.
Additionally, the priority of interception operations and international cooperation may be lowered, making it easier for traffickers to act.
In some countries, large numbers of drugs are smuggled through commercial airlines, which are expected to be most affected by the drug trafficking.
The use of synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in their backpacks or in private luggage has been reported, sometimes in large quantities. Since restrictions on air passenger transport are imposed almost everywhere, the activity of supplying drugs on commercial air travel may have been completely interrupted.
Though the international postal supply chain has been disrupted, the use of darknet and courier freight transport is likely to increase.
In the long run, the recession and related closures could disrupt the drug market.
With rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, to suffer from addiction diseases and to turn to illicit activities related to drugs, whether in production or transportation.
The drug traffickers could take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable populations and recruit new members to strengthen their ranks.
These shifts may take root quickly and become a new reality for many communities as the government's responsiveness declines.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
Population growth patterns partly explain why the market expanded
Drug use has been increasing around the world, both in terms of numbers and in terms of the proportion of users in the world's population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, representing 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64 years, compared with an estimated 269 million in 2018, representing 5.3% of the population.
Over the past two decades, drug use in developing countries has increased much faster than in developed countries.
This reflects partly differences in overall population growth during this period, 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but also reflects the faster rise in young people in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults are the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population of this age group in developing countries grew by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets
Drug use is higher in urban areas than in rural areas in both developed and developing countries.
This overall increase in drug use is partly attributable to the massive migration of people from rural to urban areas: more than half of the world's population now lives in urban areas, up from 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization tendencies are more prominent.
An increase in wealth is associated with an increase in drug use, but the greatest burden of disease is borne by the world's poorest people, and drug use is more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Moreover, drugs like cocaine are also linked to the wealthier parts of the world.
In different countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the upper classes of society.
However, the highest rates of drug addiction occur in those of lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries indicate a link between harmful patterns of drug use and disease and low income.
These patterns appear to be less common in the wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints created by the global coronavirus pneumonia crisis are likely to increase the risk to the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, like rising unemployment, have in the past been associated with an increase in drug use, an epidemic that has already forced tens of millions of people worldwide out of work.
Coronavirus or the pandemic would lead to the further expansion of the drug market Corona pneumonia might lead to more farmers or cultivation of illegal crops, or because of reduced control of the State competent organs or more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities under the economic crisis.
Related restrictions for COVID-19 resulted in reduced air and land traffic, maritime trafficking may have increased as a result, with a lower risk of interception on sea and greater numbers of cases of trafficking than air or land.
Recently, there have been reports of cocaine being sent directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but the market for potentially harmful opioids is increasing and more complex.
In addition to plants and plant-derived substances such as marijuana, cocaine, and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. Non-medical use of drugs is also increasing rapidly.
Approximately 500 new active substances are produced annually in the domestic market of the Member States.
Currently, the majority are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small number of opioids.
While the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Opioid-like new psychoactive substances made up only 2% of the total number of new psychoactive substance categories identified in 2014, but by 2018 this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the newer opioid psychoactive substances are analogues of fentanyl whose effectiveness and harm have been shown to lead to overdose deaths in North America and in other regions, but to a lesser extent.
In North America, fentanyl is used as a solvent for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, and in the manufacture of fake pharmaceutical opioids.
There is some evidence of the use of injecting novelty psychoactive substances in Europe: a study of discarded syringe residues from six European cities found that many syringes were laced with a novelty psychoactive substance, mercury, that has a stimulant effect.
2 The use of novel psychoactive substances may become more entrenched in vulnerable groups
However, a single class of new psychoactive substances has hardly ever generated a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabis is a serious problem among socially marginalized groups, such as the homeless and prison inmates.
22 countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with the majority identifying synthetic cannabinoids as the main challenge.
The regulation of precursor chemicals has forced drug makers to innovate: many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors for drugs such as ketamine, methylamine, and amphetamines have been placed under international control.
Drug dealers and manufacturers have been looking for alternatives to not only the more loosely controlled substances, but chemicals specifically designed to circumvent control, the so-called special rubber precursors.
Restrictive measures aimed at preventing the spread of novel coronavirus pneumonia are likely to further squeeze out poisoners who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico shows that this is already a reality: in March 2020, it was reported that a shortage of methylamine precursors imported from East Asia spurred a price spike in Mexico and the United States.
The market is always changing
Synthetic drugs replace opioids in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation seems to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opioids seized by the authorities of the Russian Federation decreased by around 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use fell significantly.
But the market for stimulants seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cassettes, including methamphetamine and a-cassettes, are now ubiquitous on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities report that the number of seized secret processing points for various illegal drugs has recently increased dramatically, more than doubling in two years to 152 in 2018.
Growth of methamphetamine market in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of hospital, prison, and other institutions staff have revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystal methamphetamine has become a major drug of concern, alongside dopamine, natriurethane and quetiapine.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with users reporting that cannabis is more difficult to obtain than methamphetamine or methamphetamine.
Recently, Iraqi authorities have discovered several methamphetamine processing plants, and the Cannabis Bureau has expressed concern about the large-scale import of synthetic methamphetamine preparations which are used by some of the methamphetamine processing plants as precursors.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine production seems to have started in 2014.
Since then, methamphetamine seizures have been steadily increasing.
However, in the first half of 2019, the volume of the catch was 657kg, an increase compared to the previous year.
The massive seizures of methylamine in other countries, believed to be from Afghanistan, also show that production in the country is increasing rapidly.
Policy changes and trends
Cannabis use is increasing in most jurisdictions that have legalized nonmedical use
The manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use is permitted in 11 jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend is observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In the first two states to pass legislation, Colorado and Washington, non-medical use among adults has increased, particularly over the past month, as well as daily or near-daily use, and has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that the use of cannabis in Uruguay has increased since 2011, almost doubling in the past month.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is regular and frequent cannabis use .
Short-term data from Canada also shows that while the legal market expanded, use also grew between 2018 and 2019.
However, 40% of cannabis users were still obtaining some products from illegal sources in 2019.
Could the legalization of marijuana be the reason behind the global plunge in the harvest of cannabis strains?
In 2018, global harvest of marijuana straw fell to the lowest level in 20 years, due to declining harvest in North America, which fell 84% in the past 10 years.
By comparison, seizures in the rest of the world nearly doubled during the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market have played a key role in the decline.
The effectiveness of the regulation of new psychoactive substances in the country is still difficult to assess.
Several countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different rates of new psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has declined following the passage of national legislation.
The harm of legal and illegal drug markets for vulnerable populations medicinal opioids, which are used primarily in high-income countries for pain management and palliative treatment, are distributed unevenly across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opiates available for medical use were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12% of the world's population.
It is estimated that 88% of the world's population lives in low- and middle-income countries, yet less than 10% of medicinal opioids are consumed.
Barriers to access to medical opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems, and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at higher risk of developing drug-related illness. About 35.6 million people suffer from drug-related illness in 2018 [2].
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug use disorders and its consequences. Studies in high-income countries confirm this, as in these studies individuals' adverse socio-economic trajectories are related to the risk of drug use disorders, not just their situation at a certain time in their lives.
Drug dependence also increases socioeconomic disadvantages, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thereby contributing to a vicious cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be related to abusive attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, minorities and migrants, diverse groups of sexual orientation, people displaced by armed conflict or disaster and those in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug use disorders or have difficulty in accessing treatment services.
In the past decade the social impact of harmful drug use on wider society has increased, according to the Disability Adjusted Life Years (DALY) index, which estimates the number of years of healthy life lost due to disability and premature death.
Global disability-adjusted life expectancy attributed to drug use increased by 17% between 2007 and 2018 [2].
The disability adjusted years of life associated with liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C, common among injection drug users, are particularly high at 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex, and it is difficult to determine all the causal relationships between psychoactive substance use and violence.
Limited worldwide data suggest that binge drinking may be a significant factor in deaths.
However, alcohol seems to be playing a greater role in violence than drugs.
While drug use may lead to crime, in some cases the link can be partly attributed to multiple intermediate factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment, and peer pressure.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
Where there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, are likely to be carried out in a nonviolent manner.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depend less on the quantity of trafficking than on certain shifts that destabilize the balance of power among organized crime groups, such as changes in the size of the illicit market, the death or incarceration of known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group over another.
The latest trends
Marijuana is the most commonly used drug, and opioids are the most dangerous
An estimated 189 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most used drug in the world.
In comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
However, the associated dangers of opioids are ignored as fewer people take them.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to substance use disorders in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances and 50% of the 21 million years of life lost by disability or premature death believed to be due to drug use.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates the public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, Kumamoto is the acute opioid crisis; in North America, it is Fentanyl. The two regions have little in common in terms of economics, demographics or general patterns of drug use, but all are working hard to combat a opioid crisis fueled by the easy availability and low-cost production of the drug.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths over the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths reported in the United States were related to fentanyl.
Canada reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
Fentanyl overdoses are caused in part by the unpredictability of fentanyl in the illicit drug market.
In West, Central and North Africa, the market for non-medical use of cumin has been growing significantly.
A growing number of patients with comedo-therapy-associated conditions are being treated in the region.
In 2017, the number of seized Kumano horse worldwide increased significantly, reaching a peak of over 125 tons.
But in 2018, the global catch was reduced to 32 tons after India passed a new law to regulate gametes.
These two crises are due to simplicity of manufacture and low production costs, as well as the lack of international regulation for the Quimado and many of its analogues or precursors.
What exacerbates these crises is that these substances are available on both the drug and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent misuse.
Increased use of stimulants
The stimulant sector is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are increasingly used in their main markets.
Some 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine became increasingly popular in North America and Western Europe.
Around 27 million people used ketamine in the same year, with methyl ketamine being the most widely used ketamine stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators, the use of methamphetamine in these two areas has been increasing for the last 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine co-exist and sometimes replace each other, such that the use of one drug decreases as use of the other rises, sometimes simultaneously increasing and decreasing to meet the demand of the same market.
Coronavirus pneumonia increases the risk for injecting drug users
It is estimated that around 11.3 million people injected drugs in 2018 and around 10% of HIV infections globally were caused by injecting drug use.
More than one million people are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million with hepatitis C.
In 2017, approximately 585,000 people died from drug use, half of these from liver disease caused by hepatitis C. Most hepatitis C in injecting drug users remain untreated.
5 The opioid shortage due to restrictions on necoronary pneumonia may lead users to switch to more easily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
There may be more harmful uses as some users switch to injections or inject more frequently.
Redmi AirDots 2 is a wireless Bluetooth headset.
Instructions for use
Product description
Please read the instructions carefully and store the product properly before use.
The headphone itself is equipped with a Z-shaped earsail, so if you feel uncomfortable, you can remove it from the headphones.
01 Wearing headphones
Lightly insert the headset into the ear canal with the earlobe slanted downward, and hold the headphones in place with the head lightly.
When you make a call, you can make the call better by putting the headphone microphone towards your mouth.
When converting a call, be sure to adjust the headset to expose the microphone.
Before using the charger, remove the charging grids on the left and right side of the headset, charging both the box and the headset.
A charging cable can be used to simultaneously charge the headphones and the charging case.
The charge indicator light is red, but the charging box is not full. When charged, charge:3 indicator light turns off
When the headset is charging, the headphone indicator light turns red, the headset is charged, and the headset indicator light turns white, and turns off after 1 minute.
02 charging start
The headphones are in the charging case and when removed from the charging case, the headphones will automatically turn on.
The headphones are not in the charging box and are off, but you press the key for about 1 second (the white light lasts for 1 second).)
Length by about 1 second
White light for 1 second
Shut down
When placed in the charging case, the headset will automatically turn off.
When on, hold the multifunction key for about 5 seconds (red light for 2 seconds)
It's about 5 seconds.
2 red lights
03 Started
Automatic connecting: The pair moves the two headphones out of the charging clock.
The two jugs go off automatically, and the white light comes on.
Then the red and white light returns to the six, with the right and left pockets interlocking in a row.
Wait for the left/right earphone white light to blink. Open the device toothless search button "RedmIArDots2" and click "Final connection".
After the first connection, the cache activation will automatically reconnect to the last paired device (Bluetooth is required).
Please note:
If the connection fails, put the headphones back into the charging case. Repeat the above steps.
The lamp is on for about 1 second.
Headphone indicator light
Single-ear/dual-ear switches; both headsets are connected as a Dual-in after the successful connections; Putting either headset back to the charging box, the other headset enters single-ear mode, and retrieving it can automatically return to dual-ear mode.
Manual connection: While the headset is switched off, both the headphones are turned on manually. White light turns on, followed by red and white light flash, left and right headphones automatically in series, left / right headset white light flashes slowly, turn the device on.
Headset reset
If the headphones are not used properly, please refer to the following reset instructions
Headset: Take out the charging case and press the two multifunction keys for 15 seconds, until the red and white light is flipped three times, then unplug and release the charging case. Clear the serial log of the headset and cell phone.
04 illustrations of the product accessories, user interface and so on are illustrations, are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, the product may differ slightly from the diagram.
The project was commissioned by Xiaomi Communications Technology Co. Ltd.
Manufactured by Chongqing City Forward Technology Co., Ltd.
(Small organic chain company)
Address: Industrial Avenue 60, Yuan Street, the district of Cuiyao
The telephone number is 400-100-5678.
For more information about this practice, visit the sales portal: www.micom.
Song by V10reae
Key features
The following features and headphones can be operated: lightly pressed when the call comes, listen to the call; When the call is placed or unplugged, and when the phone is cut off from music, play / pause the audio, release for about 1 second
When incoming calls are rejected, switch to headphones / cell phone to listen to short double taps
On/off silent mode during a call
When on standby, turn on the voice assistant (requires device with voice support and quick wake settings on)
Pick up a second call and switch calls
When a new call is made, a button can be pressed to hold the previous call and pick up the second call. A button can be pressed twice to switch between two calls.
Basic parameters
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 is a wireless Bluetooth headset
The product model is TWSEJO61LS.
Basic parameters of the headset
The product size: 26.65 x 16.4 x 216 mm
Battery capacity: 43 mAh (single headset)
The input parameter is: 5 V 2 100 mA
Net weight per ear: about 4.1 g
Battery type: lithium ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 m ((in an unobstructed vacuum environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Call time: approximately 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 What to Watch For
Warning
1 Do not take the headset apart, repair or modify it for any reason, as this may cause a fire or even complete damage to the product.
2 Do not place the equipment in an environment where the temperature is too low or too high.
3 Avoid the eyes of children or animals when using the device.
4 Do not use this device in thunderstorms, which may cause equipment to malfunction and increase the risk of electric shock.
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product.
6 Do not touch the product with liquids.
Watch out!
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended that it be charged before use;
2 Chargers must be manufactured by a legitimate manufacturer, certified by the national CCC
3 The continuous use of headphones can damage your hearing, please use reasonable control of time and volume.
4 Use earbuds to reduce the sensitivity to outside sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may threaten your safety.
Basic parameters of the charging case
Product size: 62 x 40 x 272 mm
The input parameter is: 5 1 500 mA
The output parameter is 5 V one 150 mA
Charge time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity is 300 mAh.
Battery type: lithium ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 wireless Bluetooth headphones with warranty
Redmi AirDots 2 wireless Bluetooth headphones with strict after-sales service
According to the Consumer Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, there are three packages of after-sales services, as follows:
Guarantee policy
If, for the first 7 days following the date of your receipt, the product has a defect listed in the Redmi AirDots Wireless Bluetooth headphones product malfunction table that is identified by Xiaomi after-sales service center, you can enjoy free return or exchange service;
2 Any defects in the performance of this product listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Failure tab, as detected by the Xiaomi aftermarket service center, can be identified within 8-15 days from the next day of receipt by you.
3 In case of a fault in this product as specified in the Redmi ArDots 2 Wireless Headphone performance checklist, within 12 months from the date of your next purchase, a fault detected by Xiaomi after-sales service center may be repaired free of charge.
A Redmi AirDots 2 wireless Bluetooth headset with a performance fault list
Name performance failure
1 No sound is heard during use.
Phone earbuds 2 During the call, the speaker is not heard
It can't be charged.
07 Non-warranty rules
1. Unauthorized repair, misuse, collision, negligence, misuse, leakage, accident, alteration, improper use of components not intended for this product or tearing, alteration of labels or anti-counterfeiting markings;
2 three packages have expired;
3 damage caused by force majeure;
4 Failure to comply with the performance errors listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth headphone product malfunctions tab
5 Redmi AirDots 2 Wireless Bluetooth Product malfunctions for human factors listed in the table below that cause damage to this product and its accessories
Name and content of harmful substances in the product
This table is prepared in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the harmful substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit prescribed in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates on refugee policy, EU officials: Reception process is at a standstill
EU summit clashes over refugee policy, EU officials: There are bottlenecks at every step of the reception process
At the latest EU summit of the day, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said that EU leaders agreed to introduce tougher policies on illegal immigration to make it easier to deport illegal migrants.
The EU's move reportedly responds to concerns about the growing problem of illegal migration in Europe, where the core issue of the EU is the small number of illegal migrants who ultimately could be repatriated.
According to the summit documents, EU leaders called on the Commission to immediately mobilize large amounts of EU funds to strengthen the external border by means such as infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and member states argue over issues such as the payment of fences.
Weiderlein has repeatedly stated that the EU funds will not cover the fees.
But diplomats from a number of member states say that if the EU were to share the cost of installing cameras, observation towers and other infrastructure along the external border, it would free up national budgets and speed up construction.
EU officials acknowledged that there are bottlenecks in every step of the reception process, with limited reception capacity and overwhelmed migration authorities in member countries failing to stop refugees from submitting large numbers of asylum applications across the EU, and that the EU's reception system is in near-permanent crisis, according to EurActiv.
The European Commission estimates that the EU's Schengen countries received over 920,000 asylum applications last year, almost half as many as the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also reached an agreement on the principle of reciprocity: EU countries can return illegal migrants on the basis of a judgement issued by a court in another member state.
EU leaders also agreed to increase the use of the concept of the safe state, which would pave the way for the EU to create a common list, the report said.
(Source: Global Times, written by Kwai)
U.S. upgrade of silicon chips hits the global semiconductor industry hard
Recently, the US war on China's silicon chips has been intensified, with the Netherlands, Japan under pressure from the US to start regulating the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China, foreign media reported that the US government is considering cutting all ties between US suppliers and Huawei companies and banning US suppliers from supplying any products to Huawei, and the Biden administration is preparing to publish an executive order restricting US investment in the sensitive Chinese tech industry.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped fighting against China's silicon and nickel development, while cracking down on the supply chain of semiconductor products from China, and building a semiconductor industry chain alliance to rival China's silicon, trying to completely open China in advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to establish a silicon technology alliance with Korea, or to establish a silicon four-way alliance with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan in China, or to establish a semiconductor industry chain link through such mechanisms as the US-Japanese-Indian-Ausralian quadrilateral mechanism and the Printing Sea Economic Framework link, the United States intends to build a closed production and supply chain cycle dominated by the United States by introducing politicisation, campaigning and weaponisation into the semiconductor industry, thereby making up for its shortcomings in the field of chip production and maintaining its dominant position in the global chip industry.
However, the U.S.'s tactical success against China has resulted in a loss of over 1,800 tons.
Recently, PanLin Group, a well-known US chip equipment supplier, announced that as a result of the latest round of export bans on Chinese chip manufacturing equipment, it will lay off 1,300 full-time employees and plan to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The global photometer giant Asmar Holding, a Dutch company, recently warned that a ban on exporting semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to higher semiconductor prices.
US media analysis, after the US government cracked down on industries such as Chinese chip and semiconductor, many American companies suffered greatly, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, manufacturers of crystal manufacturing equipment, and chip manufacturers themselves.
The United States, which claims to be suppressing China's advanced semiconductor industry, has dragged water down the global semiconductor industry and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a highly technological and knowledge-intensive industry that has long formed a close-knit global semiconductor industry chain.
According to experts, the entire production process of semiconductor products based on specialized division of labour requires crossing the boundaries of countries more than 70 times and up to 100 days.
Although the US semiconductor industry has a strong base, it is weak in manufacturing capacity, especially for advanced manufacturing processes, and heavily dependent on East Asia.
Even if the U.S. steers its advanced chip supply chain toward U.S.-led small-circulation regionalisation, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor industry is very difficult to change.
The United States is going to reshape the semiconductor industry chain from China to the Americas, and reshape the global semiconductor industry.
The chip industry is the heart of the global future and all countries around the globe will participate in the development of the chip industry.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, including the introduction of the Innovation and Competition Act, 2022 (US Competition Act) and the Science Act of 2022, to use technological hegemony, to consolidate its technological leadership, to encourage its allies and to pressure chip manufacturers like Intel, TSMC and Samsung to establish plants in the United States, and to ensure the U.S.'s global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created problems for China's chip industry and related industry development, and reaped real benefits.
But in the long run, the hysterical crackdown by US companies on the Chinese chip industry and its breakthroughs will cost them the huge Chinese market, ultimately weakening the innovation will and ability of US technology companies and damaging the development of the global chip industry.
Who are you?
First batch of personal pension wealth products for sale for a minimum of 360 days - Chinchinet
The first personal pension products go on sale
7 products from home institutions, with a minimum of 360 days in possession
The personal pension wealth management product is finally online ↓
On February 10, China Financial Network released the first batch of personal pension product lists, seven personal pension products from China Bank Financial, Farmers Bank Financial, and China Post Financial were officially launched.
Finally, the four categories of products on the shelves of personal pension accounts included personal pension savings, personal pension management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public collection fund.
According to information, the first batch of personal pension and property products are all open-end products for public offering, including 5 new products, 2 ongoing products, except for 1 product for hybrid products, and the remaining 6 products for fixed income products.
Beijing Youth Journalists saw that four of the five new products were from YMB LB, all of them are fixed income products, the shortest holding period is 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, respectively, with a comparable benchmark (annual) of 3.70 % - 4.20%, 4.10 % - 4.60%, 4.40 % - 4.90%, 5.25% - 5.75% respectively.
The remaining new product was the 1st series, the shortest tenure of Liu Jing 1095 days. The other was also a fixed income product that started on February 10 and ended on February 19, the risk grade was level 2.
Of the two surviving products, one only SunBank Financial and the other SunBank Concentration and Inspirational 360 Day Innovation and Innovation RMB Property, the investment nature is mixed, and the risk level is level 3.
Another surviving product is the 365 day old Qiao Zhiyi, the shortest holding the first Zhong Zhou Zhou Zhu, a fixed income type, the collection began on December 30, last year, became officially operational on January 4, this year and has a cumulative net worth of $1.0011 on February 8, 2020.
According to the State Council Office of the State Council's Advisory on Promotion of Individual Pensions, the individual pension funds accounts fund could be invested in financial products including banking, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, and crowdfunding funds.
The first individual pension assets were sold to mark the formal acquisition of personal pension assets by individual pension investors through the personal pension fund account.
In November last year, the Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission put in place an interim regulation for the personal pension business of commercial banks and financial institutions in the Philippines.
The scheme allows the participant to purchase personal pension products, such as personal pension savings, personal pension property management products, personal pension insurance products, and personal pension public fund products, through an individual pension fund account.
The three departments of the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued notices declaring the implementation of an individual pension in 36 cities and districts, including Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an, and Shanxi.
As of the end of 2022, the number of participants in individual pensions is 19.54 million, while the number of contributors is 61.13 million, with a total amount of 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot only offered three categories of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance and personal pension crowdfunding funds.
Now that personal pension funds are pooled, how should investors choose to fund their retirement?
The experts in the R&D department said that in comparison to other personal pension products, the pilot phase of pension products and the personal pension products have three features.
The three main components are: robustness, more robust risk management, sound investment strategies and policies, and the implementation of independent custody by non-parent banks.
The second is long-term, the term of the pilot phase of the pension fund is 5 years or more. The next step issued personal pension fund, the minimum holding period is 1 year, and it is encouraged to hold more than 3 years.
Three is inclusive, the threshold for buying products is low, the starting point is generally 1 yuan, some as low as 0.01 yuan, and the fees for hosting and administration of the product are more preferential.
Professionals point out that investors make their decision based on the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Individual pension savings with long term, high interest rate and high security features, are suitable for people with low risk tolerance; the individual pension insurance products are high in security and are suitable for people who can not bear the risk of investment and can receive stable returns; while the individual pension management products and public funds are not insured or have a guaranteed return, there is a certain investment risk, but the expected return is high, suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk tolerance.
Written by Chen Chen.
The fitness industry needs to get out of a trust crisis - China News Network
Another big gym and thunderstorms?
Recently, there has been a lot of public attention for the rights of members in well-known fitness institutions.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their shops were not operating normally; later, rumors about the organization's collapse of the runway caused panic among the members, resulting in the intervention of the Public Security and the Social Department.
Finally, the official from the agency responded by promising to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of its employees and members, and the situation is relieved.
The initial reaction from many members is that why is it that a part of the physical fitness outlets were affected and were temporarily closed, so consumers can relax and wait for the problem to be solved, which is a big deal, or not.
The biggest cause of the rise of fitness club membership is a deep crisis of confidence in the industry.
The country's traditional gyms generally take the prepaid model, and the money from their customers is the underlying logic behind their development.
By opening new stores to raise cash through membership cards, they seem to be able to cycle back and forth, but in reality are simply hungry for food without a stable profit model.
The negative news about such sectors like the gym runs is often broadcast, and this has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From a market perspective, the gym is certainly a profitable business.
With its ups and downs, the fitness circuit has always been the focus of capital.
Many of the data show that consumption of printing and other sectors is rising and the market continues to warm up.
Specifically in the fitness market, with the steady increase in the standard of living of residents, the concept of healthy living has become deeply popular, and the fitness industry can grow.
The more the situation improves, the more the industry needs to pay attention to quality of development.
However, some agencies have been blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the consumption revival. They have just emerged from the crisis and sounded the bells of the opening up of the territory, investing part of the financing in the construction of new stores.
As we have seen in recent years, with the pandemic, there is no denying that the withdrawal of many institutions, the industry reshuffle, and the strong companies are selectively increasing their purchasing power and re-design, which is not a new opportunity.
But if the fitness market is to enter a healthy cycle and take the road to prosperity, the industry must change its traditional model and change its strategy.
Only by standing firm and rebuilding trust, trust and security among the consumers can we truly win the market and win the future.
As opposed to the new stores that are being built to capture the market, the fitness industry needs to focus on optimizing services and developing high quality to retain customers.
First of all, keep users on the service.
The gym is part of service industry, its essence is to stick to user-oriented, to focus on the needs of users, to focus its operations on improving the quality of services.
Second, to improve the user experience through digital transformation.
One is the current popular internet gym model that allows users to pay by the hour and choose the venue themselves.
At the same time, physical and sports data can be effectively used to meet social needs and achieve complete services from online to offline.
There are no private tuition sales, no huge annual cards, the fear of people running around the gym has been reduced and a sense of trust increased.
It is also necessary to actively explore the diverse professions:
Today, sports consumption has shifted from one service to scene consumption, and fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point, and peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment surrounding the fitness required or will become a new lever for consumers to have a greater choice.
This is the end.
Buy your refund!
Nanjing property market to pay for the price discrepancy.
Yangzhou Evening News (Journalist: Ma Jun) Yangzhou Evening News / Zhongyuan News found in interview on the 10th, not seen for more than ten years, the price guarantee agreement for the roof has returned to the Nanjing real estate market, a building in Jiangbei New District claiming that the price of the damages compensation for the roof, before handing over other housing sources are more favorable than the previous discount, the developer is willing to buy housing for people change and reimburse the price.
The price guarantee agreement has a number of conditions:
This property, in Jiangbei New District, is called "Bulli Jiaozi", and the owner Mr. Sun told reporters that he found a brick decree on the property that said ○ while building the property last weekend.
According to the photographs, which he sent out to reporters, the developer of the property promised that anyone who had purchased the property between February 1st and February 28th, from the date of the contract of sale, to the date of the delivery, if the discount of the other homes on the project is greater than the discount of previous purchases (... other unsold commodities of the same type, the same building, the same unit, the same property type), the developer can change rooms for the buyer of the house and refund the difference in price.
Mr. Son said that the real estate agent said that this is a price guarantee agreement, the purpose of which is to give the buyer the confidence to do it without having to worry about a development company discount promotion, they are now afraid of buying it and cut it, they do not have time to go to the sales department and they are not worried about it.
It is true that a lot of buyers believe that the price guarantee agreement provides buyers with a certain security, but its conditions are not bad.
Mrs. Yang, who intends to buy a house in Jiangbei, said the guarantee price is first and foremost the same type of house, also in the same building and the same unit, the buyer can compare the price of the home to the source of the price, so the threshold is quite high.
Some buyers argue that because there is an asymmetry of information, the possibility of extra concessions is not ruled out and that it will be difficult for the buyer to defend their rights.
If the buyer remains, it remains to be seen.
According to the report on the property in Nanjing, which was the first in November last year, the property has a total of 252 units in the first two buildings of the building, with a total area of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, and the average price for the newly renovated building is 39843 yuan / m2.
However, two months later, online real estate showed that the property is still 157 units, which accounts for 62.3%, with the total number of 128 units on the 8th floor, 113 units, and 44 out of the 124 units on the 7th floor, and only 33 units in the total number of units, which accounts for 13%.
The price guarantee agreement also happened in Nanjing in 2008, according to market sources.
In August of that year, in order to attract house-buyers, the company launched a price guarantee program, with specific terms for the company's strong commitment, if the project's concessions were expanded within a year, the company would return the difference to the old owners, according to the difference.
Since then, in April 2011, nine other properties in Nanjing have also offered to pay the difference in rent between their respective locations.
As the housing market is warming up, there is a need for an injectable pacemaker.
Mr. Shen, a veteran operator in the real estate industry in Nanjing, said that the price guarantee is one of the marketing techniques for the company.
He believes that developers now need confidence more than homebuyers do, and the introduction of the price guarantee protocol is actually an incentive for them.
As for whether to keep the buyers, he said it would depend on the effect of several factors, such as regulatory policies and lending threshold, which remains to be seen at this stage.
Multiple data recession Taiwan economy starts year off badly - Xinhua
The manufacturing industry purchasing managers index (PMI) has been tightened for seven months in a row, while the consumer price index (CPI) has seen another 3-digit headline... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have published economic data for January 2023.
Analysts believe Taiwan's economy has made a poor start to the year, and is under increasing pressure to grow.
The Taiwanese region exported $31.51 billion (£37.3 million) in January, down 21.2% year-on-year, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth, according to the Ministry of Finance.
Exports in 11 major export categories declined compared to the same period last year.
Plastics and their products, and optical devices, saw the biggest falls of 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1%, the biggest drop in 11 years.
Among them, ICs were down 18.3% per year, the biggest decline in 14 years.
According to the Department of Statistics Director, Wu Menah, this indicates that weak demand in the consumer electronics industry has spread and the electronics industry is entering a period of correction.
Taiwanese imports and exports doubled in January, dropping to $2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
Taiwan authorities have stated that the decreased global terminal demand, industry stock adjustment dampened the willingness of manufacturers to purchase materials, export rally is unlikely to improve in the short term, and Taiwan's export recession in the first quarter of this year is likely to be higher than expected.
According to the Taiwanese China Institute of Economic Research, the purchasing managers' index (PMI) of Taiwan's manufacturing industry was 40.4% after a season adjustment in January this year, down 3.3 percentage points from December, marking the seventh consecutive month of contraction.
In the system of economic monitoring indicators, the PMI is the expansion line at 50% and is greater than 50%, which represents the expansion of the economic activity, as opposed to tightening.
The five components of the January Taiwan PMI are: New orders, production and labor cuts, delivery times dropping by suppliers, and stock cuts.
The six major industries reported total PMI contraction, with industries sorted by contraction speed: electrical power equipment equipment industry (35.1%), electronic fluorescent industry (35.2%), chemical, biotech and medical industry (39.2%), basic raw materials industry (42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%) and food textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the Office of the Governor-General of Taiwan (GOTCT) has reported that the Taiwan CPI rose by 3.04% in January this year, and has again topped 3% since July last year.
Meanwhile, prices of vegetables rose by 28.25%, setting a 17-month high.
According to Cao Ziyang, the special commissioner in the Taipei Metropolitan Government's Directorate of Public Finances, food prices did rise more than expected, and excluding the Spring Festival, the average CPI in January and February this year should be closer to the 2.71% it was in December last year. Inflation pressure is present and it remains high.
Analysts are pessimistic about the Taiwanese economy this year, the news coverage in Taiwanese media such as the Joint Comprehensive Review and the Yahoo Financial Review.
Professor Yang Taideng, from the Department of Economics at Taipei Central University, has said that the export recession might lead to cash flow problems for export manufacturing companies and higher risk of defaulting on debt.
At the same time, the falling orders are leading manufacturers to cut their labor costs, affecting the labor market and household economy, in turn, impacting consumer spending power.
According to Tsai Da-shi, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Economics, the inflation situation in the US and Europe this year is unclear, demand remains at a standstill, and Taiwan's export slump is expected to continue into the first half of the year.
The full-year economic growth will be lower than last year, as Taiwan's economy is based on exports and the slowdown in exports is affecting growth.
An important engine for global recovery - China News Network
The Chinese economy has shown great resilience in the face of the coronavirus pandemic.
Recent market forecasts show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Speaking to Xinhua, Julio Rios, prominent China expert and honorary advisor for the China Policy Observer Network in Spain, said that China is now entering a new stage of epidemic control, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
He said that in the face of a shock of unexpected factors, China has responded with exceptional experience and measures in economic governance, reflecting its economic resilience and management.
At the same time, China is determined to expand its opening up to the outside world, and the internal dynamics of economic development are steadily increasing, state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing together.
Every year, two national conferences take place in China, representing members representing major plans for the development of the Commerce and Trade Union Republic, and issues of the life of the Communist Party, to bring together consensus, gather hearts and gather wisdom, to add strength to China's development.
Since reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development, and has now entered a stage of high-quality development.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and program and expects China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
The country's drive towards innovation and technology to inject new impetus to economic and social development, increased investment, talent development, and policy incentives, has made it very possible to continue China's vitality in the new five-year plan, he said.
For Rio, the reform of the economic system is a difficult task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party, China has used both its strengths as a market economy and the superiority of the socialist system to take positive and proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Around the strategic basis of expanding internal demand, increasing the financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of private, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, insist on innovative development, promoting employment, and improving the income and living standards of the Chinese people, meeting the needs of the people's consumption at various levels... China's full, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the New Development Idea, focusing on promoting high-quality development and building a new development pattern, will bring more growth opportunities for the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
The recovery of the economy after the coronavirus outbreak is a common goal of the international community.
The unleashing of China's economic potential will bring even greater benefits to the rest of the world and be an important engine of global recovery.
Gullios said that the cooperation on the Belt and Road will continue to play an important role in improving the level of infrastructure and enhancing the connectivity of all fields in order to release greater dynamism.
The article was published in Spanish on the Madrid Tribune.
(Reporter Yan Chi of the People's Daily)
Report: Number of international students returning to work in 2022
The top 10 countries for international students returning home for work in 2022 Source: Xinhua
According to a recent report of the China Expatriation Employment Survey for 2022 (hereafter referred to as the "expatriation employment survey"), the number of foreign students in the incoming 2022 class grew by 8.6% year over year, and the number of international students seeking jobs in China rose again, and the demand for overseas talents in Chinese enterprises has also been on the rise.
The report highlights that since 2020, there has been a significant increase in the number of repatriated students seeking to work in China and the number of students returning to the country seeking employment.
The number of international students returning home in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year as compared to 2021, with a further increase in the number of international students seeking jobs.
The UK is the country with the highest proportion of international students returning to seek employment, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), the same as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth, the number of overseas students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore rose sharply in 2022 at 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of international students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia fell year on year.
The supply and demand of talent in the first week after the 2023 Spring Festival
The survey shows that 58% of the students who decided to return to their home country thought it was more comfortable, while 40% said it was because they were more familiar with the cultural environment in the country, 32% thought it would provide more job opportunities, and 22% thought it would accelerate the recovery of domestic economic activity, leading them to gain more job opportunities.
According to the data, the demand of domestic companies for overseas talent is rapidly released and the demand for overseas talent is on the rise.
In the first week after the 2023 Spring Festival, the number of priority posts and the number of expatriates searching for work in the country is rising, with the number of priority posts on February 3 growing by 11% and the number of expatriate job seekers increasing by 27% compared to January 28.
In terms of the industries, education / training sector accounts for 27.8% of the 2022 migration priority positions, with professional services/consulting, Internet / e-commerce sector ranking second and third with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
Changes in the number of migrants seeking work in China in recent years.
From the salary point of view, the average hiring salary for repatriation priority positions rose for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month in 2022 (in yuan, below), an increase of 961 yuan/month from 13,719 yuan/month in 2021, an increase of 7% [2].
By area, the willingness of the returnees to move to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier and below cities has increased in 2022; the share of delivery in 2022 is 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively, higher than the share of delivery in 2021.
Regarding the return of the foreign students, 52.7% of them indicated their return was basically in line with expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees reported returns higher or far higher than expected, up from 25.4% in 2021.
(finished)
Is it possible to save half or more?
Henan province to regulate prices for integrated oral implantation services
Denture implants are an ideal choice for many people with missing teeth, but the price tag of tens of thousands of dollars per tooth has caused many people to be discouraged.
Since this year, as the collection of dental implants has accelerated, many places have also started to lower the price of tooth implants.
Since February 10, the price of a single conventional implantation in Henan Province is subject to a full-process regulation target of 4300 RMB, and the cost of a single conventional implantation is not above 97% of the regulatory target.
Dental implants are a dental restoration technique which is based on the implantation of lower structures in bone tissue to support and fix the toothless structure of the upper dental restoration.
The reporter from the First Affiliated Hospital at the University of Zhongzhong learned that the cost of a single routine plant, for example, from planting to final repair, is about 167,000 yuan.
Patient: After the new policy, my doctor told me that in case of my situation I would save more than $8,000 but less than $10,000, basically half.
On the basis of the current project, Henan province also integrated 15 oral implants such as gum implantation fees (single) gums, and unified the development of provincial public health care institution prices and health insurance payment categories, and canceled or adjusted 20 medical services such as dental implantation prices.
Li Yunjie, director of the Drug Price and Procurement Department of the Zhuzhou City Health Insurance Bureau: the major benefit is four, one is health insurance, less expense for health insurance; fewer hospital reservations and a corresponding increase in patients; a market for suppliers; one of the major benefits for our patients, the cost of a tooth implant could be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: China's first and world's leading ultra-fast pioneer city - China New Network
According to the Shenzhen Industrial and Information Technology Bureau, Shenzhen City Industry and Information Technology Bureau (CEIBS), recently issued Shenzhen City Extremely Pioneering City Construction Action Plan.
It proposes to build high-speed, high-capacity, low-latency high-bandwidth networks by the end of 2023, to achieve the goal of building a twin gigabit, full-photovoltaic, one-millisecond and connected everything network, to create the first high-speed pioneer city in the country and the world.
The next step is to speed up the upgradation of the Gigabit lighting network.
By the end of 2023, 10G PON ports will account for 100%, and the total number of optical industrial parks will be more than 100
The report also called for the complete upgrading of the 5G network efficiency.
To study the development of 5G network service quality specification standards in Shenzhen, to carry out 5G network test evaluation, and to improve the quality of 5G network service.
Supporting basic telecommunication companies to increase the optimization of the 5G network in key areas, the location of 10,000 new 5G base stations throughout the year, the average download speed of 500Mbps and the upstream speed of 100Mbps for the city, the download speed of 1000Mbps in key areas and the upstream speed of 200Mbps, network speed and user experience have been greatly improved.
Building a high-quality wireless local area network for cities
Develop WLAN (wireless local area network) service specifications for public places to promote local WLAN upgrades to concentrate personnel density and information consumption demands in all districts of the city, and to provide gigabit access capabilities.
Rely on Shenzhen i Networks to build a unified certification and oversight platform for public wireless local area networks throughout the city, realize certification one-time, roaming, intelligent switching, and support operators to integrate social self-built AP (wireless access point) with public service capabilities into the certification and oversight platform.
The total number of APs with upgrades will be no less than 20,000 by the end of 2023.
In addition, the plan calls for setting up a high-quality all-photonic power grid, building a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerating the construction of critical communications network infrastructure, and enhancing the capability of Internet application services.
The project is a clear, collaborative and interconnected perception system.
Explore the management model of construction of the city perception terminal on the basis of an open source open source operating system, reduce the cost of docking, accelerate the construction of the city level IoT perception platform, and promote the network and data interconnection of urban IoT platforms, and specialized Internet of Things platforms in various fields.
Deepen the application of IoT sensing in urban management, public service, public safety and transportation, and expand the collection of fixed sensing, such as urban roads, buildings and public facilities, and mobile sensing, such as smart connected cars.
By the end of 2023, the number of sensory terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multifunctional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The plan also calls for enhanced integration of satellite and ground communication applications, the deployment of low-altitude network infrastructure, and the advancement of 5G deep coverage of sea level.
At the same time, it is also intended to promote deep coverage of the 5G network at sea, and support the development of eco-systems for industry innovation and top-level competitions and events.
(Chinese finance)
How could the content of a consignment have been the kingpin in the emergence of a new variable in the Chinese e-commerce industry?
- China News Network
The new variant in the Chinese e-commerce industry is called 'Wang Yi', but how does a shipment become 'Wang Yi?'
Sharpin, a financial journalist
When we started our eCommerce business it was late, but we understood from the very beginning that content is important in order to stand out from the millions of stores in the market.
Fang Fang, a 90-s-plus girl from Guangdong, who now runs a health food shop at Dengyang e-commerce, has opened the flower of an online store with more than 30 years of history on-line.
With the original soundtrack of Hong Kong movies, classic Chinese songs, and the new @Afanfangon account for the song, the video is amazingly beautiful ≫
At the recent Xiamen Digital Marketplace to find peers, and also a high-quality content sharing platform, Xiang Fang was speaking as the representative of high-quality creators, describing the experience and experience of everyday creation 。
She said in the video, "The video of you grinding the ingredients with such thoroughness caught a lot of attention from online users, many people were interested in the ingredients in my house, and the sale opened up immediately.
I know.
Fung Fang used a cooking video to get more people to fall in love with the taste of the soup of Lao Wang, where a live broadcast sold up to 300,000 items of nourishing foodstuffs, saving her family's old store from collapse.
With the development of short videos and live-streaming businesses, the requirements and standards for content from e-commerce are entering a new phase.
In the early days of the live delivery service, live broadcasters often offered low prices to attract customers, and the price advantage seems to be the only selling point.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal big Vs such as Song Kwon and Oriental Selection, as well as many well-known celebrities and businessmen in the vertical segmentation field, who have improved long-term operating efficiency by continuously creating quality content that fits their brand tone.
Gao Yao, the head of Star Writer Operations for Ye Jian, said that 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through the website in the past year, and the number of creations has increased by 252% and their total sales have more than doubled.
Behind all these numbers, we can sense a thriving and vibrant ecosystem of writers.
He was then arrested by the local police.
Beijing Normal University's Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental platform previously published the content ecology index (ECHI) report, which analyzes the importance of high-quality content in the current e-commerce industry from a data perspective. The index used to evaluate the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in the country.
According to the E-Commerce Content Ecological Health Index ranking from the above report, Yandex, Snapdeal, Taobao, Badoo and JDNet are in the top five.
According to the report, the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept, which is to integrate e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, good PGC ((professional production content) and UGC ((user original content) is the quality carrier for integration with e-commerce, the higher the value of the content platform, the more abundant the scenes for consumption and promotion, the higher the probability of e-commerce implantation, the stronger the commercial value, the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and consumption of content gradually incorporated in public and private sectors.
On-site, Liu Liu, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication at Beijing Normal University, Chairman of the Professional Committee on the Economy and Management of the Chinese Media, gave an analytical reading of the report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from a premium content consumer and accessible content to a premium content consumer that is high-quality, professional and differentiated content that is the hardest currency in the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content becomes fundamental to the new stage of the development of e-commerce, and PGC content such as knowledge payment, professional knowledge, and KOL ("key opinion leaders") begins to be the standard in e-commerce live broadcasting.
Looking ahead to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Li Qiongming presents two recommendations:
One is to promote the overall level of ecological health and quality of e-commerce content from the perspective of improving the content structure, to build positive content creation and management standards, and to achieve the content ecological health system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce industry.
The other is from an external ecosystem, to achieve healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
The future e-commerce industry also needs more data support and artificial intelligence to predict the future development of stability; In addition, to provide a more regular and healthy growth space for merchants, to realize value synergy among businesses, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and to co-create a healthy content eco-system.
The end.
Northern Exchanges to launch financing and securities trading operations next week - CNET
The Beijing Stock Exchange will officially start its funding and securities trading business on February 13, after the approval of the China Securities and Exchange Commission, by which time securities firms authorised by the Beijing Stock Exchange will be able to accept the investors as their delegate for declaring funding and securities transactions to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The first list of shares of 56 financing securities has been determined on 31 January 2023 as the base date for the calculation.
The list of stocks and bonds to be financed by the LME and the list of collateralized securities will be made available to investors by means of the LME-financed securities information section on the official website of the LME.
Financing is an important fundamental institution of the securities market and a more mature method of trading in international securities markets.
On September 2, the announcement of the first anniversary of NCCI's launch was followed by a public consultation on the financing and securitization business.
The launch of the financial securities trading on BTS is an important step in continuing the construction of the BTS market system, improving the trading mechanism and enhancing the secondary market pricing functions.
The purpose of a financing-library system is to enrich the trading strategy of investors, meet the diversified trading needs of investors, promote market price discovery, and further enhance market liquidity.
The NCC will continue to do a good job of financing its financial and securities business under the leadership of the China Securities and Exchange Commission, to enrich trading system tools according to investors' needs, improve the related support mechanism, and strive to create a first-class exchange for innovative SMEs.
Hu participated in the main forum and delivered the keynote speech for the 16th China Japan Energy Saving and Environmental Forum in Beijing.
The 16th China Japan Energy Saving and Environmental Protection Forum will be held in Beijing on February 11, 2020 with a combined online and offline format.
Chairman of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, the Chairman of the National Development and Reform Commission, Any Li, attended the main forum and delivered keynote speeches.
Mr. Ho also noted that the forum was an important step in implementing the consensus reached at the Bangkok meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and strengthening green development cooperation in China and Japan.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th CPC Congress, accelerate the green transition of its development path, deeply promote the prevention and control of environmental pollution, fully strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote peak carbon neutrality, and jointly promote carbon reduction, pollution control, greening and growth, and promote ecological prioritization, conservation-intensive, and green low-carbon development.
China is willing to continue deepening green and low-carbon industrial cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people exchanges with Japan to push green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy and Industry Shigeru Sakamoto, attended the main forum and delivered the keynote speech.
The forum is being organized by China's National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Commerce and the Ministry of Economy and Industry of Japan, and China Economic Association. The forum comprises of the main forum and four subforums on improvement of energy efficiency, automotive electrification and intelligent design, hydrogen energy and China-Japan long-term trade.
At the meeting, representatives of the Chinese and Japanese governments, companies and institutions exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operation in Turkey, rescues 4 trapped people
According to a report from the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, the Chinese rescue team that was searching in Turkey on February 10 had sent three operations teams, 45 rescuers, to rescue one person who was trapped.
At the same time, two search assessment teams were sent to assess and inspect a 15-storey block on Vodabasch Avenue.
So far, four people have been rescued, five people have been found, and 25 collapsed buildings have been identified with signs of life and risk assessments.
The rescue team will continue to conduct rescue work in-depth, scientifically adjusting the rescue force according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue scene.
The rescuers gather information through various channels, including embassies, local governments, and UN relief organizations, and verify individual information through various methods, such as online searches and on-site searches.
A briefing was given to the Chinese Hong Kong rescue team on the current situation for rescue and collapsed buildings and the joint search operation.
Currently responsible for the regional coordination with the Italian Rescue Team (SSC5), while sending three teams to work on the Rescue Coordination Centre 5 Region, communicate with several teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia and Oman, and learn about the rescue work of the United Nations and national teams.
Continue to strengthen the safety management and security of the rescuers, and in accordance with the principles of unified command and safety first, strengthen the safety control in the scene of rescue, strengthen the discipline requirements of rescue work, and clarify safety precautions.
Maintain the system of shift and sentry duty, and strengthen the security management in the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide medical services to the team members on a daily basis, strengthens the medical care of key personnel, currently all members of the rescue team are healthy, and carry out the elimination of camps.
After the installation of the camp, logistics security staff built 26 top-level tents of 4 categories such as command communication, equipment storage, medical disinfection, living accommodation and shelter for dogs, and more than 30 sets of field rescue equipment.
China-style modernization is a system engineering process - Xi Jinping at the opening of the 20th Party of Changes Seminar - Xinhua News Agency
Xinhua Beijing, February 11 (Xinhua) -- The promotion of Chinese-style modernization is a system of engineering. President Xi Jinping's keynote address at the opening ceremony of the 20th Party Spirit Workshop to learn the Party's way of life.
Xinhua commentator
Promoting China-style modernization is a systemic process that requires overall coordination and systemic planning, holistic advancement, proper handling of top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and strategy, consistency and innovation, efficiency and equity, vitality and order, self-reliance and openness to a series of important relationships.
At the opening ceremony of the seminar for members, vice-commissars of the newly formed CC and key leadership cadres at the provincial level studying how to implement Xi Jinping's new era socialist ideas and 20 major ideals of the party, General Secretary Xi Jinping learned the rules for modernization, explained in more detail and systematically a series of important relationships that need to be dealt with in practice, and provided scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
The advancement of Chinese-style modernization in all fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, ecological civilization, relations with party and state governance, military, domestic and foreign affairs, and defense, etc., requires systematic planning, as well as courage to reform and innovate, and constantly realize comprehensive advancement.
Top-level design requires a deep view of the world's trends, the accuracy of the common aspirations of the masses of people, and a deep exploration of the laws of economic and social development, so that the planned and policy systems reflect the times, grasp the regularity, and be rich in creativity, close integration, and top-down consistency, and content coordination.
Advancing China-style modernization is a matter of exploration, and there are still many unknown areas that need to be explored boldly in practice and to promote the development of the cause through reform and innovation, never stalling and standing idly by.
The strategic question is the fundamental question of a political party and a country.
To promote China-style modernization, enhance the forward-lookingness of the strategy, to foresee and lead the future with scientific strategy; enhance the comprehensiveness of the strategy, focusing on solving the major problems of the party and state affairs, and acting from the start; enhance the stability of the strategy, once the strategy is formed, it must be long-term, thoroughly, and well done.
To scientifically grasp the dialectical unification between strategy and strategy, organically combine the principle of strategy and the flexibility of strategy, and to grasp the strategic initiative in accordance with the geography, the situation, and the course of events.
The Chinese people are a nation of right and innovation.
We should maintain the relationship between modernization and innovation, be faithful to the essence, source and root of Chinese-style modernization, unwaveringly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, and put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the development requirements of the time, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize tensions and seek changes, vigorously promote reform and innovation, constantly create new advantages of new development, innovative energy, and fully inspire the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important basis for fairness, and fairness is a strong guarantee of efficiency.
We push Chinese-style modernization forward both to create higher efficiency than capitalism and to safeguard social equity more effectively, better at realizing the combination, promotion, and unification of efficiency and equity.
Managing relationships efficiently and justly, continuing to achieve development for the people, development by the people, and development results shared by the people, so that the benefits of modernization construction are more and more equitable for all people.
In order to achieve China-style modernization, it is necessary to deal with the relationship between vitality and order, so that the society can be both lively and orderly.
To integrate the two pillars of development and security, implement the overall national security concept, improve the national security system, enhance the ability to maintain national security, and firmly maintain the security of the national regime, institutional security, ideological security and security in key areas;
Increasing the consideration of security factors in development, strengthening national security capabilities through development, applying development results to strengthen the foundation of national security, and creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously stimulating the vitality of development, achieving high quality development and high level of security.
To advance Chinese-style modernization, one must stick to one's own path, and open our eyes to the world, to remain open to the outside world, and continue to expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must insist upon our independence and sovereignty and self-reliance, insisting on placing the development of the state and our nation on the basis of our own strength, insisting on holding the fate of our country's development and progress firmly in our own hands.
We should expand the openings to the outside world at a high level, participate deeply in the division of labor and cooperation of global industry, make the best use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, share development opportunities and create a better future in mutual benefit and win-win.
It is a path, a way to go far.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, under the guidance of Xi Jinping's New Era Socialist Ideology and Science, grasp the rules, be diligent, show full activity, initiative and creativity, correctly manage a series of important relations, and actively work on a new journey of building the socialist modern state and continuously open a new horizon of Chinese-style modernisation.
The Biden administration on Friday blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the balloon spy program.
The US Department of Commerce said the five Chinese companies and one research institute are assisting in the modernization of the Chinese military, especially its aerospace programs including flying boats and aircraft.
It is difficult for blacklisted companies to have access to U.S. technology exports.
The list is called the Entity List, and firms on it cannot purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they receive a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies included in the blacklist are: Beijing Nanyang Heating and Air Technology Co.,Ltd., 48th Institute of Electronics and Technology Group, Dongguan Liangqiang Space Remote Sensing Technology Co.,Ltd., Xiamen Aerospace Technology Group Co.,Ltd., Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co. Ltd. and Shanxi Xiamen Aviation Technology Group Co.,Ltd.
Before this, the White House said it was considering broader measures to expose and deal with broader surveillance activity by China that threatens U.S. national security.
The balloon incident further escalated tensions between China and the US and U.S. Secretary of State Blinken cancelled a planned visit to China.
After the United States dropped the balloon on February 4, the Chinese government asked the U.S. Embassy in China to intervene, criticizing the United States for severely affecting and damaging the efforts and processes to stabilize China-U.S. relations on both sides.
Based on available evidence from the wreckage and information from Chinese military procurement platforms, the U.S. government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon had direct ties to the PLA and was approved by the Chinese military as the supplier.
During a press conference on Friday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said that the Chinese side has repeatedly clarified its position on the incident of a Chinese unmanned aerial vehicle inadvertently entering US airspace by force majeure.
According to the Foreign Ministry website, she added that the relevant resolution in the US Congress was nothing more than political manipulation and bluff.
The Chinese side strongly dislikes this and firmly opposes it.
Assistant Secretary for Export Enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce Matthew Axelrod, said, "Today's action demonstrated our collective efforts to identify and deter the Chinese use of spy balloons that have violated the airspace of the United States and over 40 other countries".
I know.
Reuters reported that an employee at Tian Haesung Aviation Technology Co.,Ltd. in Guangzhou said he was not aware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not yet commented on the information.
(Reuters and others)
© 2023 German Voice Copyright Statement: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without express permission of Deutsche Voice
Any misconduct will result in compensation and criminal prosecution.
Several days after the devastating earthquake that hit parts of Turkey and Syria, hopes of finding survivors are fading, but the five people rescued on Saturday gave relief to the search and rescue workers.
In the devastated town of Nurdai in Gaziantep province, a family of five was saved after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days, according to the Associated Press.
First the rescuers pulled the mother and daughter from the rubble and found the father, but he insisted on rescuing his son and his other daughter first.
When they were all rescued, there was a cheer from the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also rescued in harsh weather conditions.
What day is today?
A teenager, after being trapped under the rubble for 129 hours, asked the rescuers to help rescue him after being brought back to the surface.
A man in Kahramanmaraş holds his newly rescued cat
The miraculously successful rescue case has brought some light to the hopeful search and rescue effort, but at the same time, the number of victims continues to rise.
As of today, according to official statistics, the earthquake that occurred on Monday has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be over 3,500.
Although experts say that people will be trapped in the rubble for no longer than a week at most, the hopes of finding more survivors are growing.
Rescue workers are still using thermal imagers to look for signs of life under the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of the rescue effort began to shift to helping survivors who are in dire need of help.
UN official: The worst disaster in the region in a century
Martin Griffiths, United Nations Under Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a news conference in Turkey that the earthquake was the worst disaster in the region in a century.
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary".
He also told Reuters reporters that he hopes to be able to bring relief to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but that the situation is unclear.
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief aid to the people of Syria affected by the earthquake.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced $25 million for the disaster relief efforts in Turkey and Syria.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Chile earthquake of 1960
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake in recorded human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to ruins.
Following the earthquake, a giant tsunami struck the coast of Chile, raising waves 25 meters high.
The tsunami waves reached far away Japan and the Philippines.
The exact number of victims and the economic losses caused by such a catastrophe is unknown.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The Alaska earthquake of 1964
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, the day of the Passion of Jesus.
That day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in the American state of Alaska, with a magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Alaska quake was the third largest earthquake on record in the world.
During the earthquake, a fault between the Pacific plate and the North American plate ruptured in Prince William Bay near College Cove.
The earthquake lasted from 3 to 5 minutes in most areas.
The sea floor shift triggered a massive tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Because it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake killed 139 people.
Nine people died directly from the earthquake and another 130 were killed by the tsunami caused by the quake.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Tangshan earthquake in 1976
On July 28, 1976, two earthquakes with a magnitude of 7.0 or above occurred within 16 hours in Tangshan City and Fengnan County in Hebei Province, China.
The earthquake was felt at a depth of 23 km above the ground.
Around the city of Tangshan, all traffic, communications, water and electricity were cut off and the entire city was leveled.
Strong tremor was also felt in Beijing, the capital, 140 km away.
According to official statistics, 242,769 people were killed and 164,851 seriously injured in the earthquake in all affected areas including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake was the second most deadly recorded earthquake in China, after the Great Jiaying Earthquake in 1556.
But overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake could have killed at least 650,000 people.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake
On 26 December 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 km west of the coast of the province of Aceh, Sumatra, Indonesia, at a depth of 30 km, with a magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3 on the Richter Scale.[3]
The earthquake triggered huge tsunami with waves that reached 15 to 30 meters in height.
A total of 14 countries in the Pacific region were affected, with the worst affected areas including Indore, Thailand's Thai and Phuket Island resorts, Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
At the height of the tourist season of Christmas, the disaster affected a large number of tourists and local residents, which caused many tourists who were on vacation on the beach and local people working alongside the beach to be swept into the sea, leaving many missing.
The number of dead and missing is estimated to be at least 300,000 people.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The 2008 earthquake in the Brno area
A major earthquake occurred on May 12, 2008, in the Wenchuan District of Sichuan Province, China.
According to the China Earthquake Information Bureau, the quake had a magnitude of 8.2 and a magnitude of 8.3, and destroyed an area of more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had killed a total of 69,227 people, 17,923 were missing, 374,643 people were injured, and 330,030,000 people were displaced, making a total population of 4,625,660,000.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and one of the worst after the Great Tangshan Earthquake.
In March 2009, China's State Council announced that May 12 will be designated as the annual Day of Disaster Prevention and Reduction to improve public education and public awareness of disaster prevention and mitigation.
Since then, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools have been holding anti-earthquake drills on this day every year.
He has also started to emphasize on earthquake and disaster mitigation yoga education in primary and secondary schools.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
The 2010 Haiti earthquake
The Caribbean island nation of Haiti was struck by a 7.0 magnitude earthquake on January 12, 2010.
The center of the quake was located about 25 kilometers southwest of the capital, Port-au-Prince, and the earthquake originated around 13 kilometers from the surface.
The International Committee of the Red Cross estimates that about 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The death toll has been confirmed by the Haitian government as more than 200,000.
In some areas of Haiti, up to 90% of the houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite massive aid and support from the international community, the overpopulated, poor and corrupt country has never recovered from the disaster.
The most devastating earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Northeast Japan earthquake of 2011
A large 9.0 earthquake struck off the northeast coast of Japan on March 11, 2011.
The epicentre was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital of Miyagi prefecture. The epicenter of the earthquake was at a depth of 24 km, and triggered a huge tsunami that rose to a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
The earthquake was the first earthquake in Japan to be recorded over a magnitude 9.
Some 22,000 people died in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered a leak caused by the tsunami.
The accident is classified as the 7th worst in the International Nuclear Event Classification (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to measurements of trace amounts of radioactive material worldwide, including cesium-131, cesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years).
Large amounts of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people are in dire need of food in the Syrian-Turkish conflict zone.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people were displaced by the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) is appealing for $77 million to provide food to people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
The temperature in the affected area is below freezing, and many of the affected people are homeless.
The Turkish government has distributed large quantities of hot food, tents and blankets, but those supplies are still hard to get to the people in need.
But in Syria, which has been deeply embroiled in a 12 year civil war, the earthquake added to the suffering of the people.
In the four days after the earthquake, the World Food Program has provided food assistance to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters and others)
© 2023 German Voice Copyright Statement: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without express permission of Deutsche Voice
Any misconduct will result in compensation and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police call on citizens to beware of fake SMS from counterfeit telcos
Recently, the police in the district of Daqing seized several cases of wire fraud, in which the criminals impersonated BAN TELEXAN S.A. to send fraudulent SMS with a link to the site, the user had to exchange their reward for the score as soon as possible, and the scammer logged onto the fake site to exchange.
The clerk was directed to enter the credit card information and the verification code, and the financial institution was notified of the credit card's unknown consumption record, suspecting that the credit card information was stolen from the above website.
No, the text message was not sent by the telecommunications company.
The Sheriff's Office calls on the public to be more vigilant when receiving such SMS messages, and refrain from logging onto any website linking to the message or providing any personal information; if requested to provide credit card details, account transaction password, transaction verification code, double your caution to prevent credit card from being hacked.
How to prevent scams:
1. Increased attention to cybersecurity information and personal safety awareness;
2. Avoid access to unfamiliar websites and register personal and credit card information on websites to avoid theft;
3. Be alert to fake and phishing websites, keeping an eye to the correspondence of their URL with those of the official website;
4. Install anti-virus software on mobile phones, mobile devices or computers and update it regularly;
5. In case of suspicion of fraud or other offence the police department should immediately contact the Police Fraud and Enforcement Hotline 8800 7777 or the Crime Reporting Hotline 993.
NEWS GOV-MO: Hong Kong delegation visits Macau tourist attractions to attract visitors and expand connectivity between Macau and Hong Kong
The Hong Kong Tourism Board organized a delegation of more than 100 people comprising representatives from the Hong Kong government's tourism sector, the tourism industry and the media to Macau. In addition to working meetings and industry briefings, the Hong Kong travel industry and media representatives went on to visit several tourist attractions, hotels and tourism related facilities in Macau, to introduce the newest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market, and to promote geographical tourism between the two countries.
Visitors to Macau introduced a new way of exploring Macau
This is the first time that a 100-person Hong Kong delegation including the leading officials in the Hong Kong government's tourism department, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and operators of cross-border transport to Hong Kong and Macau, and about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, social media, online media representatives and bloggers / netizens from travel, visited Macau to meet and learn about the latest travel resources in Macau, bring new ways of Macau tourism to Hong Kong residents and visitors, and use the advantages of Hong Kong's transportation hub to expand the connectivity of Macau to Macau and the travel market.
Two days of intensive travel, opportunity to consult, more publicity
For the two day tour the group visited the World Heritage site in Macau historical city, Macau Motorcycle Museum, time and space touring, the 3 Bars, the Big Bar Bar, the immersive digital experience exhibition, Macau Wine and Cheeses Old City, as well as major resort hotels and facilities: Upper Portugal, The Karl Lagerfeld, Eternal Palace, American Lion and Max, Perth, Macau Londoners, Macau Galaxy, the new world of Artelli multi-dimensional art space and Macau Venetian supernatural space teamLab among others.
The mission's members will share Macau tourism resources and experiences with Hong Kong residents via visiting Macau tourism facilities and experience Macau's Macau Tourism + Tourism elements on a hands-on basis, and integrate Macau's latest tourism products to promote and sell them to Hong Kong residents.
Hong Kong to attract travelers Expansion of the Hong Kong-Australia link
With the introduction of the new customs regime, the Tourism Bureau has launched a publicity campaign and various promotions for the Hong Kong market, including the promotion of traveling to and from Hong Kong and Macau, and new promotional videos on online and offline platforms.
After inviting Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to visit Australia last month and Hong Kong netizens to experience Macau + Macau tourism firsthand, this year, Hong Kong tourism industry and media representatives are organizing a trip to Australia to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong travellers to stay in Australia and invest, and the industry is negotiating to expand the port-to-port connections between Hong Kong and Macau and the tourism market, expanding the domestic market to overseas markets.
Xi Jinping writes back, encourages Chinese medical team members in Africa to take action, tell the Chinese story with kindness for the benefit of local people
In reply, Xi Jinping urged the Chinese medical team members in China to share China's story with concrete actions for the benefit of the local people through kindness and generosity
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [ source: Xinhua News Agency ] [ edited by Li Feng ]
Xinhua Beijing Feb. 10 President, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, Xi Jinping, wrote to the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams in the Central African Republic on Feb. 9, expressing warm greetings and wishes to them and to medical teams in other countries.
In reply, Xi said, "You overcome the hardships of working life in Central Africa, serving the local people with care, and are both white-robed angels of life and death and friendly messengers of sympathy".
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the mission of the Chinese medical team, we wish to express our sincere condolences to the comrades who are and have done medical missions.
Xi noted that the Chinese people love peace, value life, and foreign aid is a living expression of this spirit.
It is hoped that you will not forget your intentions, remember your mission, strive to persevere, sacrifice, save lives and love the spirit of the Chinese medical team in Xinjiang, and in doing so benefit the local people, tell the Chinese story through practical action, and make a greater contribution to promoting the construction of the human health and health community.
Medical outreach is an important part of our foreign aid efforts.
In 1963, China sent its first medical team to Algeria.
Over 60 years, the organization has sent 30,000 medical teams to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, and treated 290 million patients, earning international praise.
Currently, the teams work at 115 sites in 56 countries around the world, almost half of them in remote and hardship-prone areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of the China-Africa Chinese medical team wrote a letter to President Xi Jinping to report on the implementation of the Party's Twenty Principles and provide medical services for the local people and expressed their determination to contribute to the construction of a community of human health and health.
Members of the Central Committee of the New Economic Policy, candidate members of its Central Committee, and key leading cadres at the provincial level learn about implementing the socialist ideas of the Chinese character of Xi Jinping's New Era and the party's twenty-most important spiritual seminars. - Rolling News - Hunan Daily News - China Voice Online
20th seminar of the Central Committee of the New Progressive Movement members, vice-commissioners and leading cadres of the provincial ministries of the Communist Party to practice and implement the Socialist Ideology and the Party for the New Era of China with characteristics of Xi Jinping
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [ source: Xinhua] [ Edited by Li Yang ]
Xinhua Beijing February 10th telegram members, deputy members of the Central Committee of the New Revolution, and the leading cadres at the provincial level to study and implement the Twenty Spiritual Seminar on the Socialist Ideology and Party in China's Characteristics of the New Era of Xi Jinping ended in the afternoon of 10 at the Central Party School (National Academy of Administration), with the participation of the Secretary of the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China and the Secretariat General of the CPC, Yang Jiji, who gave the concluding speech.
He said that we should deeply learn to implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important address at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly uphold the two founding pillars of the Xiangyao Party, firmly achieve the two maintenance pillars, strengthen the leadership, truly grasp the roots, and firmly advance the work of Chinese modernization, and create records that stand the test of history, practice and people in the comprehensive construction of a modern socialist state and the comprehensive advancement of the great revival of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all the participants were guided by Xi Jinping's new era socialist ideas, earnestly studied the spirit of the 20th Party Congress and Xi Jinping's keynote address at the opening of the workshop, communicated and had in-depth discussions, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of China-style modernization, increased the confidence and determination to promote the Great Renaissance of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Central Party with comrade Xi Jinping at the core, and strengthened their sense of duty, responsibility and mission to do good work and ensure a good start of the new era.
On the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the workshop gave presentations and shared knowledge on the results of the seminar.
Wang Jichi said that learning to practice the 20 principles of socialist thought with Chinese characteristics and the new era of Xi Jinping, the spirit of the party, is both the main political task of the current and future period, but also a long-term strategic task, we must fully learn, comprehensively grasp, and fully implement Liu's requirements, promote the work of learning and implementation to go to the depth, to the heart, to the heart.
We should understand more deeply the decisive significance of establishing the two pillars of the Party, firmly uphold the central position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, and maintain the Party's central authority and unified leadership, constantly improve political judgment, political awareness, and political execution, and always be in high line with the Party central with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core in thought and political action.
We must strive to master the fundamental idea of Marxist theory as a visionary, consciously use the Party's innovative theory to arm the mind, guide practice, and promote work. In deep study, insight, and practice, we must really learn firm conviction, learn absolute loyalty, and learn to be responsible for our mission.
It is vital that we carry out the implementation of all the 20 major decisions of the Party with an active spirit, promote the modernization in Chinese style, shove up our sleeves and work our hearts out to lead the construction team, step by step, turn the blueprint into reality.
We must remember that the Party is always on the road, and the Party's self-revolution is always on the road, and that we must be fully and firmly committed to the construction of the new great project of the party building, with the political construction of the Party as our dominating position.
We shall strengthen the capacity to promote quality development, serve the masses, and prevent and eliminate risk, promote research and development, resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
The ceremony was attended by Shi Taifeng, Li Kanzhi, Li Suqi, Chen Qin, Yang Qingdao, and Wang Choihung, while the closing ceremony was presided over by Chen Shi.
Google's AI chatbot answers the wrong question and the stock price of its parent company evaporates to $100 billion.
(A synthesis of the 11th)
Google's new chatbot Bard, badly misinterpreted in a promotional video and given wrong answers, caused the stock price of Alphabet, Google's parent company, to plummet 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, evaporating to $110 billion (RM4,765 million), up from $94.57 (RM8,640 million) as of Friday's close.
The market fears that Alphabet will fall short of its rival Microsoft.
Google posted a short video on social media earlier to promote the AI chatbot Bard, and as reported by Bloomberg, a person asked Bard, "What new things can I tell my 9-year-old about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?"
In his response, Joan Bard mentioned that the telescope took the first photograph of an exoplanet in the solar system.
However, according to NASA, the first photograph of an extrasolar planet was taken by the Very Large Telescope at the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
On April 30, 2011, the stock price of Alphabet dropped sharply after a wrong answer from Bard, which has been widely reported by Reuters.
Google, on the other hand, notes that Bard's feedback pump underscores the importance of a rigorous testing process, combining external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response pump meets high standards based on quality, safety and genuine information.
Singapore's tourism recovery strong, with inbound visitors up 19 times in 2021
The Singapore Tourism Board recently disclosed that it expects 12 to 14 million international visitors to visit Singapore in 2023, bringing in about S$18 billion to S$21 billion of tourism revenue; and that visitor arrivals and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of pre-pandemic levels in 2019; and that a full-fledged recovery in the tourism industry in 2024, is very likely.
The Singapore tourism market will be restarted and revived in 2022.
Statistics released recently by the Singapore Tourism Board show that inbound visitors increased 19-fold to 6.3 million in 2022 from 33.06 million in 2021, exceeding earlier estimates of 4 to 6 million, and has returned to 33 per cent of pre-pandemic levels.
The Singapore tourism revenue, which totaled S$8.96 billion from January to September 2022, is expected to reach S$13.8 to S$14.3 billion for the full year of 2022, up six to seven times from the S$1.89 billion in 2021, having already recovered to a level of approximately 50% to 52% before the coronavirus outbreak in 2019.
Singapore government has taken several steps to speed up the recovery of tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced nearly S$500 million to stimulate the tourism sector's recovery.
The Ministry of Tourism recently announced that it plans to allocate about 110 million yuan from the budget over the next two years to introduce more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists back.
In order to make wellness one of Singapore's tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board (TSB) has issued a call for proposals on 23 November 2022 for the development of a wellness attraction on Singapore's southern coast.
Wang Lingli, Executive Director of Sports and Wellness Tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put their health first in various considerations.
The development of a health spa in the Penang Southern District, home of Penang Bay Gardens and the Penang Dams, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, and allow tourists to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Mr Chen Jianlong, director of Singapore Tourism Authority, said health and wellness will be a significant part of Singapore's tourism product in the coming years.
The coronavirus pandemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
Therefore, for the last two years, the tourism office has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists.
In June 2022, Singapore Tourism Board will host its first Healthy Living Festival, with more than 130 health activities and experiences for the public to enjoy.
Singapore will continue to offer new travel experiences to visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avatar World at Swan Bay Gardens, the Central Beach Market in Saontawa, the new gallery for exploring new areas of the arts at the Museum of Arts and Science, as well as the new open air theatre at the nightlife Zoo, the Tourism Authority will support the development and update of projects such as the Bird Park in the World of All Wildlife that will make Singapore an attractive international destination.
As planned, Singapore will adopt related industry standards for sustainable tourism in meetings, conferences and incentives by 2023, with a focus on improving both waste management and carbon emissions, further optimising the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism has accelerated the recovery of its aviation sector.
According to the figures, as of December 18, 2022, passenger traffic at Changi Airport has recovered strongly, with up to 150,000 passengers per day and nearly 1 million per week, equivalent to about 75% of pre-coronavirus levels, and the number of airline employees have also recovered to about 90% of pre-coronavirus levels.
The figures show that in January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers, which is 42% of the pre-coronavirus rate, and 170,000 flights, 53% of the pre-coronavirus rate.
The fast recovery of the tourism industry is driving the recovery of other industries such as accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping.
The Singaporean government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
According to Kwon Tan, Assistant Director of the Singapore Tourism Board's International Division, a survey conducted by the travel platform China Travel, Singapore's safety score is among top 3 in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is loved by Chinese tourists.
Before the coronavirus outbreak, around 3.6 million Chinese people traveled to Singapore for vacations per year.
With China's easing of border controls, the number of Chinese visitors is expected to return this year to between 30% and 60% in 2019.
Kurupandan noted that the Tourism Bureau will now be closely monitoring China's signal on the future release of its outbound travel policy in response to the changing demands of tourists.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agents such as Travel Asia, Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in Chinese overseas travel.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the recovery of the tourism sector will be faster than expected as long as there are no significant recessions affecting public revenues and no new large-scale deadly epidemics, as well as other factors affecting the global economy.
Kim Jong Un interacts with his daughter; wife is left behind
Kim Jong-un's daughter Kim Jong-il was in the parade of troops marking the 75th anniversary of the founding of the state, as well as standing on the podium with her father.
KCNA has released a video of Kim Eil Jae standing by his father, looking at him and talking to him and his father, holding his face with her hands and even touching his chest in an interactive manner that is broadcast all over the country.
The first lady, Lee Hsien Loong, however, can only step back.
In an official photo taken of Kim Jong Un and his wife Lee Hyun-hee at a dinner with their daughter Kim Hyun-hye on July 7, Kim Hyun-hye not only rarely sits in C-seat in the middle of his parents but she also took the chairman's desk with Kim Jong-il during the parade for the 75th anniversary of the founding of the Korean People's Army (KPR) on the following night.
Official North Korean media released a video of a military parade on North Korean Central Television in the aftermath of the tragedy, revealing more intimate scenes of the couple's father and daughter.
Kim Jong Un looked at her daughter a couple of times on the podium, and the smiles on their faces never returned and they whispered in each other's ears, and Kim Jong Il held up his father's arms with his hands, while Kim Jong Un responded with a laugh.
Other official media images showed Kim Jae Hee and Kim Jong Un, sitting on a sofa chair in an apartment, touching their father's face with their hands; and her hand touching Kim Jong Un's chest while walking, holding hands with him.
The First Lady Li Shi was only able to walk in the back or to sit on the side for the entire journey, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
The Korean media has noted that Kim Jong Un's exposure has been increasing for the past three months since his first public appearance at the launch of the Mars 17 rocket on November 18 last year, and this is his fifth appearance in public to date.
The North Korean state media has used honorifics such as "dearest son" and "dearest noble son" when referring to Kim Jong-un, and has broadcast footage of Kim repeatedly shouting swears to defend the Caucasian heritage while the leader watches the parade from the podium.
Those signs raise doubts whether Kim Jong-il is already designated as the heir to the Kim clan. The Washington Post's analysis sees this as a sign that Kim Jong-un is pushing his middle school-age daughter to succeed him, though there are some who believe such judgment is premature and that there are still various possibilities in the case of a son under Kim Jong-un.
The U.S. nonfarm employment data in January exceeds expectations and future trends - Economic Observatory Network - Professional financial news website
Q: How do you feel about the bigger than expected nonfarm employment data in January and future trends for China?
A: January 3, 2021 U.S. Department of Labor nonfarm employment data for January 2023; 5.17,000 new nonfarm jobs, significantly above the 189,000 market expectation; unemployment rate decreased to 3.4%, the lowest level in almost 50 years; hourly wage growth 4.4%, compound annual growth 0.3%, slightly slower.
In total, the data is distorted by a number of one-off and technical factors, such as striking teachers who have been on strike, a modification to the survey caliber and an update of the seasonal factors, which may be corrected later ((reference January 2022 non-farm growth is from 504,000 to 364,000) and the employment of non-farm people may not be as strong as the data shows.
Structurally, the impact of cuts in high-tech firms is still there, but at a lower rate, with significant new employment increases in high-touch service sectors such as leisure hospitality, education and healthcare, with data showing that there remains a labor gap in the service sector.
Combined with the likewise over-expected recovery of service PMI, job vacancies and labor gap data, and the strength of the consumer credit data, we judge that the US services industry has been able to recover very quickly after the extreme weather and holiday season.
We believe that the supply and demand tensions in the US labor market will be hard to improve without a recession.
Currently, the U.S. labor market is over 5 million short-term job vacancies, and the labor force participation rate is slowly rising, especially among the 25-54 age group which is now approaching the pre-pandemic highs.
Beyond this, stronger consumer demand due to the strength of excess savings and consumer credit of residents of the United States will further delay the impact of austerity policies on the labor market.
The continued tension between supply and demand in the US labor market will be the underbelly of the US economy in 2023.
With the end of the stack of interest rate increases and repeated inflationary forecasts, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Until this release, the U.S. equity and debt markets were overly optimistic about the Fed's path to hikes.
As the inflation numbers continue to improve, the Fed continues to maintain the delicate balance of market inflation expectations while reducing its rate hikes, but the market is blind to the Fed's pro-confrontation rhetoric, and is not only expecting an early halt to the rate hike, but also two rate cuts by the end of the year.
With the labor market tight in supply and demand, and the impact of austerity policy uncertain, we believe the Fed's guidance for interest rate hikes at the end of the year was relatively reasonable, as the market expected extreme adjustments and trading overcrowd may do some damage to the market.
However, the persistence of wage growth is difficult to change the current trend of rapidly declining inflation, as the M2 data overlaps, and the leading indicators of the various CPI components have gradually turned. The US CPI data has been shifted to a phase of rapid decline since October, the persistence of wage growth is only a support for future inflation data, and the current market expectations are not easy to falsify, after the release of the next inflation data or enter a new round of play.
The founder of Sugizu, Yang Yonggang died of a sudden heart attack after leading the first transformation of Chinese clothing. - Economic Observer
WeChat public notice issued by the certified entity WeChat Holding Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the "Suguj Holding Company") issued on February 11, the founder of Suguj, the chairman of the board of Suguj, died on February 10, 2023, at the age of 65 due to sudden cardiac illness and ineffective treatment.
In the 1980s, Zeng was the head of the state-owned cotton and silk mill, which he later turned over. In 1989, Zeng became the head of the Ningbo Yunsheng Clothing Factory, the predecessor of Shuiji Shares.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Business Leaders and the 22nd China Business Future Yearly Celebrations, Yang Yumangang said that in the 1990s, the market share of the Suzhou brand in the Chinese western market was as high as 37%.
In 1996, SONGZONG SHARES ((600884.SH) went public, the first listed company in the Chinese garment industry.
Just when the clothing business was in full swing, the Susuk Group began to transform, as Wu Yeonggang realized that once the market opened, Chinese brands would naturally form a tiered brand market, and that Susuk's clothes would remain in the spotlight and unlikely to become the country's national clothing for a long time.
In 1999, Sugi began researching enterprise transformation, and Zhong Yonggang recalled the year, "We came to Shanghai to find out what transformation really does, we found a lot of specialist academics, and we held various debates, workshops and seminars".
Finally, we set two major strategic directions:
The first is the use of new energy and new materials, and the other is the future of great health.
After the strategic direction was determined, Suzuki started to look for cooperation. At that time, the Busan Institute of Thermal Energy's Carbon Institute was doing the national 863 project for aluminum, and the research funding was not enough. Suzuki and Suzuki signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 phosphates microcarbon spherical projects in the field of nitrogen and magnesium, and engaged in the research, production, and sales of negative polar materials, and the commercial promotion of negative polar materials in the country.
In 2001, the company achieved large scale production of intermediate-phase carbon nanoparticles, began domestic substitution, replacing Japan as the main supplier of intermediate-phase carbon nanoparticles in the country.
This is the first lithium-ion battery negative materials production company in China, achieving the indigenisation of lithium-ion battery negative materials.
With the rapid popularization of the application of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Sugihiro began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium electrochemical materials business was written into the main business of Sugihiro stock, and the revenue share of the clothing business declined year by year, until 2013, the revenue of the lithium electrical materials business of Sugihiro stock completely exceeded the clothing business.
In February 2021, Sugihisa Securities successfully merged with the LG Chemical polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and founded the polarizer company Sugihisa, a technology field with relatively high technical content. Sugihisa's main competitors are the top 500 companies in the world, such as Samsung of Korea, Sumitomo Chemical of Japan, and JD Electric.
Liu Yungang shared some of his experiences with post-investment management, and why private Chinese companies that have been taking over some of the world's top high-tech companies have such a low probability of success.
Because people think that I spent so much money, I have to send people to deal with it, this is the usual behavior. However, the day of the successful acquisition of Sagami, Song Yongkang is different, Song Yongkang goes to Sagami Kingu Electric public announcement, Sugami as a major shareholder in Sagami Kingu, decided to implement a two-way system, except for Song Yongkang as chairman, the people of Sagami Kingu do not send to Sagami, taking the authorized way of operating, the original distribution system, corporate culture, management, etc.
ICC Silicon released negative pole data for 2022, showing that the 2020 shipment of the negative pole exceeded 200,000 tons, an increase of 100%, with a market share of 16%, and ranking first among the shipments of artificial graphite negative material.
In the segment of the segment, Yano Research statistics show that its company has a global market share of 29% in 2022, and is expected to reach 32% by 2023 with its continued global lead.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Sugiyama's revenue was 15.841 billion yuan, and the net profit was 2.313.000.000 yuan. On February 10, Sugiyama's stock price was 19.24 yuan per share, with a total market capitalization of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, SGS stated in its interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's effective graphite production capacity will be about 100,000 tonnes, and the graphite production capacity of the Miin-Sheng project is still on the ascendant.
The statement indicates that Mr. Wu is still the chairman and de facto controller of the company.
The results of a survey show that Yang Yonggang holds 40.1% of the total shares in the company.
The general manager of Suzhou is Mr. Lee Ji Hua, born in 1968. He has served as Chairman of Suzhou Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Suzhou New Materials Technology Co., Ltd., and Suzhou Energy Technology Co., Ltd., respectively.
Sugihoshi said on its investor interaction platform on February 10 that the senior executives of the company were not related to the company's controlling shareholders.
The E account of the Hedge Fund is blocked: the SEC authorized the development of all funds under the name of investors for aggregation and searching. - Economic Watch Network - Professional Financial News Website
As a result of the complexity of the purchase channels, is it difficult to gather account information about the funds?
Do you always forget about the little gold box?
The problems of the KiM people are about to be solved.
On February 10, the SEC announced that the E account of the EAPP was released on mobile app stores and was available in public trial.
It is reported that the Fund for Moneylenders E account provides a one-stop Moneylenders e-enquiry service for individual investors to provide fund-for-fund accounts and share information, aimed at solving the pain points of the industry such as forgetting accounts, burdensome inquiries and other industry services for small and medium-sized investors.
According to data from Wind, as of the end of 2022, there were 156 PE fund managers in the country, managing funds of about 26 trillion yuan; 167 PE fund share register agencies and 411 PE funds sales agencies.
The account systems of the quota registries are independent of each other and do not have a unified channel of inquiry.
According to industry experts, at the end of 2021, more than 720 million people in China, or half of the population, had invested in fund products.
Previously, investors had to inquire about the purchase through the various sales organizations, but through the E account of the fund, they could find information about all sales channels.
What is the APP of the Penguin Fund?
According to the documents, the E-account Application for Equity Funds is the Chinese settlement of the ETF industry portal mobile application developed and approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It provides investors with a one-stop enquiry of the off-the-shelf holding of the entire market of the ETF products.
Investors can easily and quickly see their holdings of OTC fund products of the fund managers through the various sales channels throughout the market through the OTC fund E Account, which improves the efficiency of queries.
Specifically, the information that investors can access through the Liquidity E Account window includes: information about fund accounts opened at various fund managers in the market, information about trading accounts opened at public fund sales agencies, and information about the number of out-of-pocket holdings in products such as pooled asset management plans established by publicly traded securities investment funds and securities management companies, the number of investors established without the limit of 200.
Yang Yi Qi, chief operating officer of Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told Economic Observer Network reporters that investors can access all their OTC fund holdings through the OTF's E account OTC app, helping them recover forgotten asset classes, and more importantly, complete account information about the consolidated fund investment situation has been consolidated for the customers to help customers have a timely, accurate and complete grasp of their own investment situation, so they can optimize their fund portfolio, better plan their own financial arrangements.
How to register?
As a journalist I noticed that at present, the App is available in mobile app stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO and vivo, but the app is still in its public trial run. Registration requires filling in the invitation code, which investors can contact the fund manager of the fund.
A customer service representative with a large Shanghai-based IPO fund presented a 6-digit invitation card to the Economic Watch News, telling the reporter that in the test phase of the RAPP, China is allocating a certain number of invitations to each fund manager, and when investor phones came, we would all give them.
After the trial ends, the invitation code is no longer required to open the user registry.
I know.
The registration of the account and enquiry of the related documents according to the official website of the SEC. The whole process takes a few minutes and is divided into four steps: user registration, real name verification, fund account binding, public fund enquiry.
After verifying your name, press the Fund bind button of the asset table, all fund products purchased through various fund sales platforms are presented in the list of binding options (.the account can be tied), After completion of the binding can see the total assets of the fund and can start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the E-account window of the hedge fund provides an enquiry service for investors and does not offer redemption.
The data date shown in the E account window of the hedge fund generally moves forward by three trading days from the date of the query to the user's T (T day).
For example, if an E account is opened on February 10, the total assets, fund shares, and net worth on the asset page will be moved forward on that date by three trading days, i.e., February 7.
Copyright Declaration: All of the above content is the original work of the Hong Kong Economic Observer and is copyrighted by the Hong Kong Economic Observer.
It is strictly forbidden to re-post or mirror the image without permission of the APO of the journal, or the responsible party will be held legally responsible according to the law.
The copyright cooperation is at: 010-60910566-1260.
US and Fiji reach defense consensus against Communist China
On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and met with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
The Philippines and China reached an agreement against aggression in the South and East China seas, and the Philippine leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting, stating that they will have substantive defense exchanges by signing a trilateral defense agreement with the United States against Chinese hegemonic policy.
According to Japanese media, Kishimoto hopes the meeting will help the two countries to develop policies to address the Taipei crisis.
Marcos Jr. visited China earlier this year in January and was awarded a $20 billion deal.
But after this, relations between China and the Philippines not only did not improve, but have declined.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to U.S. troops in order to guarantee security in the South China Sea.
One new base added is 300 km away from Taiwan and is one of the closest to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US may take action at bases in the Philippines.
According to the Japanese media, now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States to build a "frictionless" arc in the Western Pacific to push forward regional cooperation.
Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang Party Sharlee in a speech: Welcome to Green Camp on the basis of the consensus of September
During the visit, Vice Chairman of the Taiwanese Chinese Nationalist Party, Liu Shaoqi, will meet with the Chairman of the Chinese National Bureau of Statistics, Liu Yunshan and Wang Yanming, the Permanent Secretary of the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China.
Chen Chunsan, a senior adviser to the National Political Foundation, the official organ of the Kuomintang, in an interview with the Taiwan Central News Agency late last night, positively evaluated what Liu said about Liu Xiaoli, and stated that China welcomes the Green Camp to visit the mainland as long as they agree with the Confucian Consensus and oppose Taiwanese independence.
The National Party view that this is a new thing.
The news of the day did not mention that Shah had spoken with Kim earlier in the day.
The ruling Taiwanese Democratic Party (PDP) has clarified its refusal to accept the 1992 consensus.
According to the official news agency, Nationalist Party Deputy Chairman Xi Jinping is in Beijing to meet with Wang Yining, the deputy head of the CPC Central Political Bureau, Li Ying, the new director of the State Bureau, and Li Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee.
Xi Linlian spoke in the meeting that the political basis of the National Communist Party is the 92-year Consensus and anti-Taiwan independence, while Yang Chun-shan, senior adviser to the Nationalist Party State Policy Foundation, said in the meeting that the CN's 92-year Consensus is the original 92-year Consensus.
This is different from the feeling of previous meetings that I participated in.
Recent video conferences with mainland scholars, and this one, did not hear the Taiwanese scholars talk about unification and de-escalation, but instead about restoring communication and dialogue.
Yang Jun-shan noted that the two sides are threatened by a fierce war and the Chinese mainland hopes to convey its intentions to improve relations through the Kuomintang Party.
Since there is no mutual trust between the two, both sides are willing to do their bit for Taiwan, and the two sides don't want to spoil the relations between the two sides.
According to Liu Chunshan, Wang Chening himself personally told Liu to adhere to the demand of the Taiwanese farmers and fishermen and if this is not a general solution, it needs to be dealt with on a case by case basis.
The report did not mention whether the Nationalist Party visitor to the mainland would directly mention the daily interference of Chinese warplanes and warships, the problem of farming and fishing in Taiwan's small county towns, or whether the interview of a reporter from the Central News Agency raised such questions.
Law unions again rally against government pension reform bill
On Saturday (11 February), the French trade unions renewed their mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling for people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of the social movement against the government's pension reform bill.
The number of people who responded to the call for action, could affect the next action plan of the trade union movement.
This was the fourth national mobilization of France's eight largest trade union groups in a month, and the first time the protest rally had been scheduled for a Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a public holiday for most French people, and they do not have to choose between a protest protest and a walkout, the trade union groups hope that today's rally will attract more people.
The bus system, the metro and the public transport companies unions did not call for a strike today, the bus system should be running normally, citizens can ride to the assembly venue and in the area where the schools are opening during the winter holidays, people can take their normal holidays.
The unions are hoping for more than a million people to take part in today's rally, while the police are expecting nationwide attendance of between 600,000 and 800,000, and 90,000 to 120,000 in the Paris metropolitan area.
Since the protests against the government's pension reforms began, while polls show a majority of French people do not support the move to raise the legal retirement age from its current 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets to protest has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on 31 January gathered between 1.27 million and 2.5 million people throughout the country.
The mass demonstration on Tuesday (7 February) narrowed to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
This pension reform is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The number of amendment proposals submitted by the opposition, especially the group led by the radical left, made the process of consideration very slow.
The conflict between the North and the South has become more intense.
A member of the parliament from the far left party France Insoumise recently posted on social media a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the head of the labour minister, prompting protests from the ruling party.
Finally the Speaker of the National Assembly suspended the MP from parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for this behavior.
While the proposed reform has prompted the biggest social movement in France in more than 20 years, so far, the government has not made any major concessions despite some modest adjustments.
The unions have already prepared for a further strike next Thursday, March 16, and plan to demonstrate on March 7, when the reforms are sent to the Senate for discussion.
China encourages high fertility rates through sperm donation to universities
The Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan province in China, on the 9th, started a campaign to recruit university graduates and high school students to donate their sperm. Successful donation of 8 to 12 times will earn a subsidy of 4500 yuan.
According to Taipei Media, the announcement went viral on Weibo and prompted initiatives in other provinces, including Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to the Free Times, China encourages university students to donate sperm.
In addition to academic qualifications, a donor must be at least 170 cm tall, have five limbs straight, no visible hair loss, and short-sightedness cannot be more than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Human Sperm Database of Yunnan province notes that sperm donors can receive a full set of male medical examinations worth 1000 RMB, especially semen and chromosome tests, which most people have never done, meaning it is important to know their reproductive status.
Donor requirements include a height of 165 cm or more, having university degree or higher or studying, being colorblind, suffering from a genetic disease or infectious disease such as hepatitis B.
The report cites China's Tianjin News as saying that the Human Sperm Bank in Shanxi Province has printed a poster with the words "Yummy with paid sperm donation, infinite glory" to encourage young people to donate, and encouraging netizens to send related messages, "Yummy with unlimited love".
The price in Shanxi province is higher than in Yunnan; eligible men and women can receive 300 yuan in cash each time, and donors who complete a certain number of times can receive a subsidy of 5000 yuan.
The highest known price is in Beijing, with the highest subsidy of 5150 yuan.
The last Communist Chancellor of East Germany died today
Hans Modrow died last night at the age of 95, the successor to the East German Communist Party reports the party in a statement.
Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.
I know.
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall, which separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow said that he would help transform East Germany into a democratic state.
At that time, the Communist Party leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
After coming to power in the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev called for changes to take place in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe as well.
In March 1990, Modrow declared the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election result meant he was no longer Prime Minister.
Despite Maduro's reforms, opponents accuse him of trying to delay the political changes and reunification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reform rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modrow was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but was not imprisoned.
Some say the allegations are politically motivated.
Modrow continued to serve in the German Bundestag from 1990 to 1994, and as a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modro sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the former East Germany to return, but said its achievements should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland), and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as chief of the Youth Fire Brigade and soon after the end of the conflict he became a member of the Volkssturm, the Nazi militia organization that recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 for the final struggle of the war.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by Soviet troops and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he took an anti-fascist course and became a committed Communist Party member.
In 1949, the year of the founding of East Germany, he found a job as a mechanic on his return and continued to study social sciences and economics, obtaining his PhD.
Modrow was a staff member of the Free German Youth movement, which almost all East German youth joined, and was promoted through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED) to chairman of the Dresden regional party from 1973 to 1989.
He also served in the East German parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany, the highest state office.
Hackers in support of Iranian revolutionary anniversary hack the presidential TV speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted a televised speech by President Ibrahim Raisi.
The president's televised live speech was interrupted on the internet for about a minute when a banner of a group of anti-government hackers named Edalat Ali () appeared on the screen.
There was also a cry saying, "Death to the Islamic Republic!"
Iranian state TV was hacked on the anniversary of the revolution, Reuters reported today.
On the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, Lacey's hardline government faced its greatest challenge yet from the young protesters demanding their ouster, but Lacey still called on the deceived youth to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Nationwide protests continue in Iran following the death of Mahsa Amini, 22, in the custody of the country's Moral Police in September.
The deadly crackdown on protests by Iranian security forces is one of the most powerful challenges facing the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overthrew the 2,500-year-old monarchy.
As part of amnesty to mark the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities have freed jailed dissidents Fahad Messami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha on Friday, as part of a hunger strike.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty order that included prisoners arrested during the recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters have been killed, including 71 minors, according to HRANA, a human rights group.
More than 70 government security personnel were reported to have been killed.
As many as 19,763 protesters were believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and the official media have been calling for votes in Saturday's rally to show their opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On the eve of the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution on Friday night, the official media showed fireworks as part of the government-sponsored celebration, and people shouted "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)
However, many could be heard at the gathering shouting "Death to the dictator!"
The death of the Islamic Republic was reported on Twitter and in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, state television broadcast live video of the official rallies across the country.
In Tehran, as part of official celebrations, domestic anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed.
Lacy's speeches are often interrupted by the slogan, "Death to America", which is the signature slogan at state conventions.
The crowd shouted, "Away with Israel!"
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months, Reuters has said.
She was sentenced to five years in prison for national security charges in 2020.
They later put her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah has denied the allegations.
A week before his release, supporters warned that he was at risk of death in a hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the mandatory hijab.
In response to Adelkhah's release, the French Foreign Ministry called on Friday for her to be freed, including that she should be allowed to return to France if she wishes.
I know.
Did the balloon incident brighten up America's eyes?
Increasing restrictions on technology exports to China
The Wall Street Journal reported today that the United States is prepared to further tighten its technology exports to China following the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials said the balloon events highlight the national security threat posed by China and will seek more political support for enhanced U.S. technological protection.
The United States claims that the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communications.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works for the Washington think tank Center for a New American Security.
This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the hardliners' point of view of China.
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday that "we'll be considering broader actions to expose and respond to China's larger-scale surveillance activities that constitute a threat to our national security and that of our allies and partners".
American officials said they have alerted governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident, and that international coordination was vital in responding to the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, says in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, newly established House of Representatives Select Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Communist Party of China may put pressure on the United States to take tougher measures to slow China's development.
She said members of Congress will feel the growing pressure to take a tougher stance, which may force the White House to take a tougher line.
The Wall Street Journal has reported that many proponents of stricter export controls are also pushing for broader controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government is also developing a foreign investment screening program to assess US investment overseas for potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls for the program to be launched sooner.
The day after the Syrian earthquake relief
Since the earthquake hit Turkey and neighbouring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working day and night in the rubble of thousands of destroyed buildings to rescue survivors buried in the rubble.
In the cold temperatures, they often call for silence, as they struggle to hear any sound of life through the rotting concrete.
Two more women were rescued from the rubble, days after they survived the quake, according to a report by Reuters today.
However, the death toll from the earthquake has soared to 24,150 people.
The death toll in Turkey was 20,665, and in Syria more than 3,500.
The 7.8-magnitude earthquake on Monday, which was followed by several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, was the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami, which killed nearly 31,000 people, and the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similar strong earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
After the deadliest earthquake in the area in 20 years, two women were trapped for 122 hours after rescuers rescued the two women from the rubble of collapsed buildings in Turkey, Turkish authorities said Saturday.
Another of the injured, identified as Masallah Cicek, a 55-year-old man, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeast Turkey.
In the freezing temperatures, rescuers often called for silence as they tried to hear any sound of life from the broken concrete piles.
In Samandag district, Turkey, rescuers, crouched under concrete boards whispering "Inshallah" to one another, carefully reached into the rubble and rescued a 10-day-old baby.
He opened his eyes, then the infant Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a blanket and carried to a field hospital.
Video images show that rescuers also took his mother, who was lying face-blind on a stretcher, with a faint white face, but conscious.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters late night that 67 people were rescued from the rubble in the last 24 hours, while 31,000 rescuers were deployed to the affected areas.
About 80,000 people are being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people have been displaced by the earthquake and are crammed into temporary shelters.
As many people have run out of food during the cold winter conditions, people are increasingly questioning the response of the leaders of the two countries to the disaster.
According to Syrian state media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma travelled to a hospital in Aleppo, reportedly his first visit to the disaster-hit region since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said it was running out of stocks in rebel-held northwestern Syria as the state of war has complicated rescue efforts.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adana province, and he admitted that the government's response is not as fast as expected.
Opponents took this issue as a pretext to attack Erdogan, who will run for re-election in the May 14 vote, which may be delayed by the disaster.
Anger over delays in delivering aid and rescue operations could influence the election, Reuters said.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as the most serious challenge for Erdogan's 20 years in power.
In a blog post, Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called the "negative campaign of bribery for political gain".
Turkey's main opposition leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu criticized the reaction of the government.
Critics say the quake was big, but worse than the quake was the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence.
I know.
In the morning of February 11, Prime Minister Van Minh Dung and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD) during their official visit to Brunei Darussalam.
The University of Brunei is the largest centre for higher education and scientific research in Brunei, ranking third in the region among universities.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei in education and training.
In July 2013, the University of Brunei formally established the partnership with FPT University in Vietnam, mainly in the field of English language training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, German, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei also includes Vietnamese in the curricula.
During her visit to Brunei University, the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Ms Van Minh, spoke with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Van Myong is pleased that more and more foreigners are learning Vietnamese, and thus contribute actively to the promotion of the Vietnamese culture and identity around the world.
Prime Minister Van Minh Chieu expressed his confidence and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching staff at Brunei University will grow stronger and stronger; the students in Vietnamese language classes will be more and more interested in Vietnamese, will study hard, will be able to speak Vietnamese fluently, and will become ambassadors for bilateral friendly cooperation between the countries.
The Prime Minister also used the opportunity to interact via video with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Centre in Hangzhou to learn about their learning, especially during the pandemic.
Prime Minister Phan Minh Tri believes that the partnership between FPT University of Vietnam and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Centre, is a living symbol of the education cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei.
It was also hoped that the Centre's students would make greater progress in their studies and make a positive contribution to the friendly cooperation between Vietnam and Vietnamese-speaking countries.
In his discussion with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of Brunei University, Prime Minister Van Diemen praised the results of educational collaboration between the two countries, including the collaboration between FPT and Brunei University, as well as the introduction of Vietnamese language in the curricula.
PM Van Minh hopes that Brunei University will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese teaching and further expanding the size of Vietnamese language classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan also appreciated the positive results of the cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the memorandum of understanding on educational cooperation signed in April 2014. He recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Van Minh highly appreciates the establishment of the first campus in Southeast Asia of Brunei University in Vietnam; believes that the university is growing stronger in the region and the world; further expanding cooperation with higher education institutions in Vietnam.
The Prime Minister and his wife planted a tree in the university campus in Brunei, along with some notes in the memorial book.
Prime Minister Van Minh wished the University of Brunei to continue to develop, contribute more and more for the educational cause in Brunei, and cooperate more closely with various education and training institutions in Vietnam.
(finished)
By The Vietcong.
The official visit of Vietnamese government minister of state, Mr. Van Minh Dung, and the couple to Singapore and Brunei has been a success, with comprehensive, practical and concrete results.
During his three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, PM Van der Meer participated in more than 30 different events.
It is a success that provides new impetus to the development of the Vietnam-Vietnam strategic partnership and the Vietnamese-Vietnamese comprehensive partnership in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visit, Prime Minister Viet Nam Vuong Minh continued to reaffirm the foreign policy of the Vietnamese Party and the country, namely to pursue independence, self-rule, diversity, pluralistic changes and to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, and a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is a demand of their respective countries and their commitment to enhance the welfare of the people of their respective countries, to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At the meetings and meetings, Prime Minister Ban and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continue increasing political trust with Vietnam through the visits of high-level delegations, the effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Of these, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership with Singapore and the Action Plan to enhance the Vietnamese Comprehensive Partnership for the period 2023-2027 with Brunei are the two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore sign Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership
The post was originally published on Twitter.
During meetings with business leaders, seminars, and economic forums, Prime Minister Phan Minh Minh stressed that Vietnam welcomes and facilitates the expansion of investment in Vietnam in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology, and innovation.
The visit will not only deepen the relations between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in the traditional fields of politics, diplomacy, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism and people-to-people exchanges, but also establish a framework for cooperation in new potential areas such as digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovation, smart cities and sustainable development.
Brunei's King Hassanal Bolkiah is preparing to enter a bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Van Gogh.
The post was originally published on Twitter.
During his visits to both countries, PM Phuc Van Minh made time to visit and listen to the thoughts and aspirations of the local Vietnamese community.
At the meetings between the two leaders, Prime Minister Van Minnen suggested both sides pay attention to the issue and to create the right conditions for the local Vietnamese community to receive fair treatment, the opportunity to contribute to the local society and foster the relations between the two countries.
The proposal was agreed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Van Diem also shared with the leaders of the two countries their aspiration for a community of unity, peace, stability and prosperity in ASEAN, and agreed to maintain solidarity and collaboration with ASEAN countries and enhance its central role in a complex and changing context of regional and international situations.
Taking advantage of the outcome, Premier Wang Yi's official visit to Singapore and Brunei made an active contribution to the effective implementation of the 13th VC Foreign Policy's priority line to strengthen relations with ASEAN neighbours, the effective implementation of the Conclusions 12 (No. 12-KL/TW) of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam on the new situation, and the exercise of strength in national solidarity.
(finished)
What was the plutonium that was dropped over Alaska?
who are deluded, doubters.
The U.S. military used its most advanced stealth fighter, the F-22, again on Friday afternoon to shoot down an unidentified object flying above Alaska.
The site of the crash was 10 miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time the US military shot down a flying object in less than a week.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was shot down off the coast of South Carolina, days after it drifted into US airspace.
The second object, the Pentagon said, first entered U.S. airspace on Thursday evening, was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeast Alaska, flying at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet), the size of a small car, and much smaller than the previously downed Chinese hydrogen balloon.
The Pentagon also believes there is no indication that the object is manoeuvrable.
John Cobb, the White House National Security Council strategic communications coordinator, said Friday that while the shape of the high-altitude object is not yet clear, it posed a reasonable threat to the safety of civilian airplanes.
Corby says that the object, unlike the spy balloon found in the United States, is not equipped with a hanging cargo pod.
Corby says that we call it a "rogue object", which is the best description we can come up with.
President Biden consulted the Pentagon before ordering the shooting down, and he was very careful in his decision, Coby added.
The US official description of the object could be summarized as "about the size of a small car, with no rudder, no suspension, and a flight altitude of about 10,000 meters".
The information does not address basic questions such as what the object is, what country it belongs to, and what its purpose is.
Many of the analysts and speculations online suggest that it could be another Chinese balloon.
It could have come from China like the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon which flicked over Latin America, but they were doing some kind of mission in different places.
The mysterious object in Alaska has been linked to the sighting of UFOs.
U.S. Newsweek, citing tweets from former U.S. Representative Peter Meijer on Friday, tweeted that he hopes that the UFO was a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO.
The irony of confusing alien spacecraft with weather balloons is surprising, but it's not enough to provoke an interstellar conflict, said Mayer.
Megger's tweet came shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object had been shot down in Alaska.
Newsweek has written that more than one person suspected that the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Rep. Tim Burchett criticized the administration's cover-up last month and called for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on missing UFOs.
Amazon's customer service is hard to believe
It's estimated that very few people have seen it, but I will also tell you something.
When we bought the dress, it was a hooded shirt, but at the end I was given a pair of shorts.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted the customer service of Amazon, who confirmed that the clothes were still in stock, I asked for a replacement, the customer said to resolve this, and then immediately saw the item names turned into shorts, the link that I bought was off the shelf.
The customer service can either retain the merchandise for a certain amount, or return the item.
This is how Amazon does it?
It is hard to believe that the clothing itself is not my problem and, as a consumer, I ask for what I deserve, without making any extravagant demands, and Amazon has changed its name, saying there's no stock.
This is my first long post, and hopefully not my last.
The Unfathomable Sleeve
The coated fabric is quite hard but if you look closely, there are many cracks that it is not clear whether it is leather, and the sleeve of the dress is really hard to understand. The sleeves are usually longer than the jacket, but usually 1-2 cm. The length is about 5 cm, the arms should be in the palm of the hand, but the sleeves are covered by the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes, and easy to return them.
But when will the money be back?
The clothes are nice to have, since the prints are small, they have to be returned, but it's been more than a week since the return but I haven't received the refund yet!
And for customers to make a purchase on their own, contacting an untrustworthy Pinnacle Express company, is the worst thing that they've ever done since buying from Amazon!
It's just that the store is good, they actively help in making the returns on time, but the real work done by the express service at Peak Express is quite irritating, it takes about half a month to make a return, and this partnership is to drag the back legs of Amazon, low work efficiency, no service awareness!
More for young people
99 seconds to kill.
The workmanship, colour and feel are very good, soft/thin to medium thickness, no smell of petrol.
Unfortunately, the version is thin and more suitable for young people.
3XL, flat waist 2 ft 5, maximum size 4 ft, 1.79 / 80 kg wearing a slight tight waist.
It seems that there is no loose belt at the waist, which makes it difficult to loosen the waist.
Plus, it is uncomfortable to wear the mask.
Very good. It's not very bright.
I bought it, I made over two hundred, so what's going on?
First time that Amazon cooperates with the daily courier, the first delivery was not at home, later we made an appointment for two deliveries, the courier didn't deliver, and then returned the order directly to me, this fucking courier didn't have any integrity, and strongly recommended not to use the daily courier again
This time, a shirt returned to me, and the price went up by over a hundred dollars.
Amazon should not have this kind of product.
This is a nice product to buy at a special price, it is not cheap, it was very nice to see the reviews.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned by the large area of wear on the surface of the product, there was wear in several other places, and not the secondary product was the old product, as will be shown later on.
So I asked for a refund, the manufacturer saw my picture and said it was because of the shipping, isn't that bullshit?
How can the inside of a product be worn?
There are only two possibilities, either I had used the product, or I deliberately damaged the product and returned it.
Objectively, I have no evidence that I didn't damage goods, but based on my credit record of Amazon purchases, I think that such goods should not appear in Amazon self-service products, the customer choosing Amazon self-service is trust, customer win, we win, the customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory, hope you will work together to improve, thank you.
I use the product for less than a year, and there's two E2s, and I don't know how to do it?
I bought the product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, the two sets at the right of the receiver often appear red E2, it should be a problem with the launch module, which does not quite match the 7 years of sustainable operation of the launch module mentioned on the Amazon site, I am not able to find it on the Amazon website after it was sold, now I don't know how good it is?
Let's keep going.
The first purchase is bad.
It doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn, and the label on the machine was broken.
And always blank.
We will change it later.
The transfer was quick, the view was a little hazy at night, not very wide, but it was enough for the average household.
I don't think it's enough to have a card, to buy it myself, and to have bought a mobile phone on Amazon.
A sticker would be on the package, to prevent the package from being opened, this time not, and when buying a mobile phone, there would be the same sticker section which could be on the warranty card, this time not.
I don't know if it was cheap or not, I'm confused.
Waiting for a response from the supplier
It didn't have any markings, I called the supplier directly and the answer was without markings, as suspected but can use the borders to post it to the JSON company to verify the goods, and also leave the license plate number and phone number, promise to send a text message to inform me to enter my information in the JSON official website warranty card, so far no texts are received?
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own products are safe to use.
The master who changed the oil said it was very bright and that the oil was really good.
This is the second time I have bought one.
So it was a relief.
This was a fast delivery, the packaging was not picky, the oil was used, the engine noise decreased significantly.
The price is very good, it is difficult to find synthetic oil for less than $200.
Support the stars, support the winning cards, protect the car.
Japanese Amazon suffered big buyer losses due to customer service issues ((8c worm delivery at 8cm worm)) ((8c = 14cm, 8cm = 2c))
Admitted to error, but I am always recommending and always emphasizing that the goods are third party and not binding on third parties.
The order number is 503-4265464-1830254.
I initially bought the page size options for 7c, 8, 9c and at that time thought it was a trap, so I called the Japanese Chinese customer service and clearly told them the 8 was 8c, but when the same goods returned to China I discovered only 8 cm, I thought this was a trap set to trap the Chinese (according to the Amazon sale), and now the page has no this option.
The Chinese service: We are sorry for your loss, and we give you two choices:
1, you return the item and the buyer pays for all shipping costs.
2, If you don't return it, we will refund you 1000 yen.
(I did a calculation, the shoes are over 4000 yen, counting as 200 rmb, pick 1, I have no shoes, the loss is 200 yuan ▽)
Option 2, I have shoes, I've been paid 2000 yen for them, and I'm losing about 150 rmb. Customers: We have recorded this, we take it seriously, and the next day the mail came back, saying that I do not accept the Chinese customer mediation, and that's it.
I said, the purchase page is about confusing options like 7c, 8, and 9c, and the Chinese customer service assistant said the Japanese code would not have a c like that, like 140, but have you seen other caterpillar pages?
However, the Japanese language is also a very strong and popular language among the younger generations.
Also, why did you put 8cm between 7c and 9c, the smallest size, and what does that mean?
Chinese service: We provide services in Chinese, but we did not know you were returning your item, so we do not reimburse you for the cost.
That logic I don't understand, I am Japanese, I still want to use Chinese suits, the Chinese living in Japan don't need Chinese suits, go to Japan as a tourist without that kung fu to make international long-distance, and the question arises, why should one need to go to Amazon to buy Chinese phones abroad, just like the one I'm picking every day.
Did Amazon's Chinese language customer service make it easier for those who went out of business?
Not very happy with this purchase.
This is the second time that I bought baby diapers from Amazon, I bought a box once when baby was 2 months old, I chose the diaper from European imported paper, my first time was a good experience, the baby is using a diaper all night, and indeed we could use a baby nap for 12 hours without changing diapers.
But this time I bought L diaper, there are 2 packages in a box, after opening it feels that the paper is loose, there is a distinct difference between importing and serving the baby, and after using it, it is good enough, there is no leaking urine and there are no signs of redness.
But after the second pack of diapers, and immediately thereafter, a rash appeared on the inside of the child's thigh and has not yet gone away.
I suspect 2 packs in the same pack of the same quality.
I don't think we should keep buying it!
We want to protect the transport of parcels.
This is the worst package I have ever seen in a long time, with no protection whatsoever, no buffering bubble, no packaging buffers, and nothing at all.
It is a deformed box.
And the cartons were wrapped in plastic box, and the cartons were all pressed and deformed.
Hope it's authentic and quality is guaranteed, so don't be afraid to buy something from Amazon.
It is better to pay half the price in India with some kind of security.
And the packaging of products, as I read on this blog, was discussed in 2016, 19 years ago, and it's still the same.
This shows that Amazon doesn't care about the feedback at all, and is far from Japan's JD.com and TCL.
Nice, but a little bit sad
The color of the whole cup is the color that my mother likes, red, and even though I have a baby boy, it's very bright when it's pink and yellow.
I think it is smaller than I thought, but it is meant to be used for carrying out of the house, so it's acceptable.
I took it home last night and tried it, after the bottle cap was pushed back the distance between the straw and the cover was too close, the straw was in the vertical position, so the son always had to pull on the bulge on the top of the cap with the drink water in it to see if the spot could be improved.
It seems like the leaning of the straws on the other brands of straw cups makes sense, a thing of the children, really care about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large
I like it lightweight and large, that's two separate compartments, that's a bit redundant for me, and I don't know what to put in.
After buying this, he found that there was a similar brand in the US, less than two hundred dollars.
Fake, especially the fake ones
Amazon is selling fake products, and I was one.
The customer said they could not return it because it had been used, and I did not need to know that it was counterfeit.
Because trust, so sad, after all, it's the use of makeup, really go to the real store and buy it, it's a little expensive to recognize it
Because it was an assassination, so don't read the comments, I have submitted this to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration of Industry and Trade (Seni), let's defend it together.
Is that bad?
The fake?
This is a tragedy.
The hair was selected in a careful way with the second piece, but when opened it had a strange smell, thought it was normal, because I had not used this one, then I could not stand it when I applied it to my face, a very rushed odor, impossible to describe, immediately coughed out, my eyes hurt, tears came down, and I immediately took it off to wash my face.
The next day, the unbelievers opened another one of the same kind, but it did not have that bad taste, and is now being prepared.
The memory of the smell of the bad hair in the hair salon.
It is hard to imagine that Amazon's own skin care products will be left behind.
You are a whore.
When you bought it, the campaign website said that the full set of the 99 yuan gift was three-piece, the shipment was received without this gift, the customer called the customer to show them a screenshot of the event, the question is who bought it and saved the screenshot of the web page, you have done your own activities, you also need the customer to help you provide it, the next time you buy, keep an eye on preserving the evidence.
The aftertaste
The first time I buy anything on Amazon, I felt a few things, firstly, I use up the product, the first is really painless, no stimulant taste, in general, it is very good, quietly wait about 8 minutes, it will just fall, just a small amount of sweat and hair on it, you can't see it, so it's generally good, and after it, it should be used again and continue to observe, continue to use it only to know.
I think this is really good anyway.
In fact, the second order from number 27, and the delivery of number 12, took a total of 15 days, or half a month, and Amazon's delivery service is also very good.
Third, don't trust Amazon's Black Friday, order on Friday, it was cheaper for nearly $12 after waiting for 2 days, I made more than 170 (and shipping costs), so there's an event to raise the price.
I had been looking at the price for more than 10 days, and it's been like that, no big fluctuations.
Affordable, Japanese made, with Chinese labels, with pellets, absolutely bought back!
The cream with granules, the freshness is just right, the back teeth smooth, more powerful than some secondhand Oriental, where they say it is imported, but many items are not labeled in Chinese, I do not know where they are being sold in bulk.
So, as long as Amazon has this product, it will never be a second-hand item.
And, I'd like to give some tips, especially the ones that are not written in the Amazon app, but hopefully these things will be improved, and will do better and better!
And in the years of excellence, it has been getting worse and worse, the quality of service has gone down the toilet!
Trash Excel took into account the customer needs and the special delivery time from 19: 00-22: 00 for the next order
Due to the fact that they don't have beds at home, they only get the medication in the evening.
The result was that it was delivered directly at the door at 12 noon, without prior phone notification.
If the delivery time is whatever you want, why do you have to work for a long period of time and allow customers to choose?
If your own logistics doesn't guarantee a service, then don't be an e-commerce business!
Asking an old man with three wounds to get out of bed to open the door and get a package would cost a little change!
There's a contact phone on the order!
No one has called at all, no one has called to give an explanation!
The so-called complaint service on ExcellenceNet is a bunch of aliens pretending to be there, spying on your complaint and then giving you a so-called answer.
There will be no change or compensation!
I'd had the same problem before, but this time I couldn't take it, it was just too much!
Do you think the reverse cover of the book, which is just a pre-order of a new book, should be printed backwards so that the quality problem becomes obvious, so you can just send it to the customers blindly?
Leave a comment and no one will contact you.
And in the years of excellence, it has been getting worse and worse, the quality of service has gone down the toilet!
No more spending money on excellence.
The picture quality is unacceptable.
As a title of the anthology, the book is difficult to accept in terms of the selection, printing and printing of the images, some of them are so obscure with mosaic that they are not recognizable.
Even if this is not a professional map, even if it is a small illustration, it should be the source of the vast, medieval documents left by our ancestors!
What is the difference between using these images to compose a book and not using them (and many of the pictures are clear, raw files from related industry resources)?
I feel sorry for this kind of governance.
The text is not judged, but it is the choice of the family.
Overall 2 stars
The book I read in high school was just a bored-looking book, and I felt that I shouldn't be addicted to it, and after all, the original web content wasn't as attractive to me.
And then... I fell into the pit.
According to this story, the whole book is a more relaxed and enjoyable, the first part of the book, while still in the Internet, was not at all difficult, even when the war between the two communists was fought, because often he was killed by a dog named "Yeshan".
As for the competition, I found something about the change of the times and the alternation of the old and new, but with a bit of bitterness (maybe it's me).
The whole book took me a lot of time to learn, but it just didn't stop.
Full-time portrayal of characters and emotional lines is very surprising, some characters are only occasionally brought, but also will have a profound impact, like the more important character portrayed by Ye Xiao Huang, which has a lot of fans, but the characters not in the writing center, such as Jiang Bo, Chong Jun Hsu, and others are very popular, in an electronic essay to find that no one can find an extremely hateful character, this is a full-time success in character portrayal.
And in emotional terms, there's not a single piece of work, and there's no general network, either beautiful or rotten, all of the people's feelings have one thing in common, that they love to glorify the game, and most of them really want to win.
The small measures, not big plots, and everyone looks so simple and lovely.
This is probably why there are no annoying full-time roles.
The full-time IP is quite large, thanks to this.
And the book, which is not yet out of print, is a cultural phenomenon, but it is a good book.
I think he's going to be able to offer you some warmth, a little bit of emotion".
An anime will be released in April this year.
I've actually wanted to buy this book for a long time, and I don't have the time for my money to buy it, and then when I wanted to buy it, I found that it was a fake, in fact, another version was recently released, and I'm very fond of the cover art, but I was going to buy the old version first, so I looked it up on Amazon, and I bought a set of it.
The next step is just to talk about the status of the goods.
● The fourth book has no plastic cover but the book is new.
● The 17th plastic book was but opened and the texture of the book was also strange, there was no other hardness.
• The 23rd is the same as the 17th, only harder, but much older than the 17th.
● The publishers of each of the books are different, as if 23 and 17 were the same publisher and different from the other books
● Overall, it was satisfactory, 24 is a big box, very satisfactory.
The young lion with the cubs
When they got the book, they thought it would be as simple as the lost horn of our mother, but it turned out to be a lot of words!
The next day, he read the book three times and then he gave the book to the children, a little lion that can shoot, a little lion that likes to eat juice and sugar.
To see the lion eating the hunter, it is somewhat uncomfortable, and modern urban people find it a bit unacceptable that an animal should be eaten.
Finally, this little lion, who was successful in human society, lost himself; he was no longer a full lion nor a full man.
In the end, only the back of the little lion knows where he went.
Perhaps many years later, the image of the little lion will live on in the memory of young children who have grown up and remember it at a later date. It may have touched or inspired her.
A collection of works with a high price tag
I didn't know about Taschen before and bought a lot of their books recently because they were very hard, both in terms of the subject matter and the production itself.
There have been three previous editions of this work: the largest, like the whole of Michelangelo, is nearly 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this is the smallest, with a bookcase and in a two-volume edition.
In the first place, the book is inexpensive; it is more than 700 pages, and it is even better in book form to have a double printing; the second is that in contrast to Michelangelo's whole work, in which the painting is the main subject, the Da Vinci manuscript is mostly in black and white, which is best value for money for the non-artistic reader to appreciate both the painting and the manuscript.
2. The description of the painting part is great, there are structural analysis, analysis of the drafts and historical background (e.g., Last Supper), but I don't know if it's printing or book size, some shade parts of the county are too deep, not see details, a little unfortunately.
And third, the Da Vinci code is much richer than the manuscripts of Michelangelo.
The former is already a genius, the latter is too ambitious and high in achievement to be described as such.
When you see a drawing and only half of a da Vinci, the manuscript has no language at all.
Trash, who bought who regrets!
I never said anything against him, this honest piece of trash, bought a waste of money, a horse, give me a reason!
The time is off and all of a sudden it is January 1, and time goes back to zero.
2. poor quality belt, no rubber, with a rash on wrist.
3. frequently unable to answer the phone.
4. The flight lasted only five days.
5. Sleep test does not show, time is 0 ◦
6. It is waterproof.
7. Other
Logistics are too slow.
It's very sad when we see the results of the 16th of October, only on the 21st of October.
The delivery is not very good, shopping on Amazon is slow, I didn't expect it to be so slow!
Overall satisfaction
In the first place I was worried about the packaging of the camera, but this time, it's okay, it has an inflation bag, camera 3x is same, and it can be registered on the official website, the shutter speed is 0, the rest can be just wait for time to check.
The delivery speed is quite fast, the delivery guy is here, the valuable items are put in the doorway, go fast, I couldn't open the box in front of him and check it, and there's nothing to say about this.
The merchants thought for the customer before shipping:)
A professional of the business is responsible enough to call for the screen size of the camera and actually think for the customer.
The delivery is fast.
The use of the gold foil is also convenient and practical.
Battery failure
The machine is really nice, I wonder why the first charge is so full, the charge indicator is red all the time
At present, there is no official Amazon feedback channel available, so you can only find feedback through our product reviews.
1. purchased the book for RM31 on March 29, showing that it would be shipped to your device on March 31, but it is not available for preview yet on the Amazon website (because it is yet to be released);
2. The book on your device, launched on March 31, is blank, you just have to wait for it, and Amazon reduced the price of the e-book to US $ 18;
3. For two days repeated attempts to delete the blank book downloaded on the device, and synchronise the file, failed to achieve the essence of the commercial e-book containing the actual content, but the pre-release of the book was found on the Amazon website.
So, I have a few thoughts.
1. The price is not the most important thing, the key is now how to replace the blank books on the Kindle with books with real content, instead of downloading them forever.
2. books that are pre-ordered should not be bought anymore, as it looks quite complicated to download a blank book after a ticket,
(For the job description and the online customer service, see how the Microsoft Store does it.) 3 I hope that Amazon has provided a normal channel for feedback on these issues, and a place to give feedback when e-books are downloaded or used in a questionable manner.
Not recommended reading
Read it a long time ago, just happened to see it by memory, and then it got kind of dark when I read it.
More than a collection of short stories, the book is a collection of fragments about love in a lifetime.
The tone of the book is flat, as plain as white water, the syntax pursued to an extreme, and the plot is quiet and plain as a summer afternoon.
Each short story is a snapshot of a moment from an ordinary life, without beginning or end.
What are we talking about when we talk about love?
I think the novella, as well as the title, is a kind of acting art, the author wants to convey that love is more than just the parting on stage and the sea of urban legends, not only that the love of me is like paint, love is not only above and should not be represented above, love is also life is bland like water, dull tasteless day after day, there are also the speechlessness of life, the escape from reality, the restlessness of the future.
When you read this book, you may think of the couples that are arguing around you, the broken marriage of the people you know and the bad feelings.
This is why I don't recommend reading, it's not very tasteful from an aesthetic point of view, neither the writing nor the story, and unless your life is as surprising or as sweet as living in a candy castle, the feel of the book will be strange and boring.
And in terms of depth of thought, the daily episodes don't illuminate or expand a person's thoughts or perspective (as opposed to Marx's cholera-ridden love triangle), and the short clips do not explore any issues such as what kind of mistake led to the failure of love?
Are these the reasons for the breakdown of the main character's marriage?
I don't recommend this book, because it doesn't matter if you read it or not.
The idea is that the author's ideas are expressed through technique and style rather than the story, which is the reason for this poor reading experience.
This is a good read, but you can't look at it too closely.
The book is very logical, but not rich enough.
A lot of the theories were explaining what sales is and why, but weak in terms of how to do it, only pointing out the direction and not the specific approach.
Also, the book feels like a puzzle.
Examples are both domestic and foreign; there are well-known entrepreneurs and salesmen, and famous and not well-known people.
It is not known whether the story was intended as an example, it would be more convincing if some of the cases experienced by the author were cited.
The name of the client varies.
The title is still "customer", but in the main text the text has changed to "client".
There are also problems with misspellings, missing punctuation and incorrect numbering.
Anyway, this book is a good introduction to the theory, but not very suitable for people already in sales work who are looking to improve their sales.
A quick guide to understanding Internet finance
The book is very shallow, just a primer that helps you quickly get an overview of the internet finance, but you have to go deeper or you need to dig deeper yourself.
And, in the early days of the book, Alipay and WeChat hadn't mentioned that they had borrowed a subsidy to cultivate the habit of using the Great War, but the share of third-party payments today was so small that it's not mentioned in the book.
This is the time when many people go out to eat with their mobile phones, and businesses have abandoned the bank, because the cashflow is too high.
But still, thank you so much for writing this introductory book, which shows that the author has at least years of experience in financial observation, and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so that he can write this general understanding.
It is easy to write big and tall, difficult to write in the common language.
I admire you, and want you to know!
The first thing that determines a person's job satisfaction is not whether the salary is high or low, but whether the job is valued and appreciated enough.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, after the basic survival needs are satisfied, the most urgent is the satisfaction of the psychological needs: the desire to be understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
For many of our countrymen, it is difficult to express that they love you, even with love, gratitude and appreciation, but they do not express it silently.
In the book, the author articulates the five languages of appreciation: positive words, thoughtful moments, acts of service, appreciative gifts, and physical touch.
I think the important thing is not that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use them whenever and wherever, to appreciate, to thank and thank those around you, whether family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the more we need appreciation and gratitude from people who are close to us, the better our lives will become.
They learn to appreciate, and to some extent they can retain talent and reduce the number of dismissals.
Thank you translators for bringing us wonderful foreign thoughts and worlds.
There is more or less a difference between languages due to the cultural background in the Middle and West and more will be harvested, if the chance to see the original text of the author is believed.
Thanks again to the authors, translators and editors for their hard work!
Amazon to investigate suspected counterfeit goods
quality super poor, packaging loose, no amount, even worse than roadside stalls products, no weight, no bar code, ten bags of packaging is also loose, is completely not a qualified product characteristics; is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, has applied for refund; totally belong to the quality issues; Advise merchants to wipe eyes, reject substandard goods; Add: bought a heart seal, supermarket 23 yuan / 10 volume, added several contrast photos, further confirm the quality of the product, in order to give consumers a clearer reference, to avoid economic loss and further dissatisfaction!
Once again, I expect Amazon to be careful about sourcing its products.
The product of Ma Ma and Ma Huang has some discrepancy with the expectations
The advantages:
1. Big brands and cheap prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are Panasonic certified, and are OK to use, but not quite as expected.
Disadvantages:
Charging without a tell-tale sign, the most basic of your power instructions is omitted, the customer who purchased the estimated 300 yuan product, in the eyes of Panasonic, is also generous, without respect.
A very strong smell When charging, even if it is for 10 minutes, you can smell the smell of burning plastic.
We tried it in the office for a day, and it smelled like plastic all over the house.
This is a bit more expensive than the Philips Philips I used before, but the quality is good and it's a great compliment to the customer.
Small packages
If I get the express delivery and see the e-commerce version, I will know that it is falling in the hole. It's smaller than the one bought at the supermarket, it should be M, and the packaging is not the same as the picture on the presentation of the merchandise. It's called the new version.
3 Stars for the fact that Maharashtra did not read the product specification, and you sold the M-code eCommerce version I have no objection, what do you mean by your version is not correct?
The e-commerce system is deep and there is still time to go to the supermarket to buy it.
It's about the violet.
I don't like the taste.
Children do not like the smell of toothpaste and say "mop" every time, but maybe there is another term for it, and it is the only word in the children's vocabulary at this point in time.
I bought it during the events, it is really cheap, so it was a shame to give it a bad rating, 4 stars, but I won't buy it again.
Genuine and packaged.
The packaging is complete with a blowable bag, and there are no online reviews as of yet, but the product is still showing.
There is also a layer of plastic film on the outside of the bottle as shown in the picture, the delivery is quick, the bottle came the next day.
This is the original, only it is out of stock and I don't know when it will be available again.
One bad shopping experience
The check in the time of black five, the result was not received, after a long time, the parcel was already cleared, asked the colleagues around the saying that there was no help in taking, rush to contact the courier company, but said that the sender could initiate an inquiry, contact Amazon customer service, waiting for more than ten days, finally figure out that the courier was mistakenly delivered to someone else, and then several weeks to finally get back the courier, the outside packaging was unpackaged goods, was intact, and did not know if it had been used, it was bad enough.
The wrong mapping
I thought I could get a headset like Figure 1, but instead I received a headset like Figure 2, even with all the inconsistencies, what is the meaning of the sound varying in size and volume?
Although the names are the same, I hope that you will pay attention, and please have the right layout changed by the person in charge of Amazon in time, thank you very much.
Operating systems in general
For a while, the overall picture is fine, it doesn't make any difference that the system makes people look tangled, the start time is obviously a little slow, it's not able to do a good setting, and the software is not worth commenting on, the response speed is more general, and it's not that much compared to my colleagues
I didn't find that, since the remote control is used to move things around up and down, and the position of the return buttons in the design is very uncomplimentary 。
So let it be a TV, then something like a TV box and so on.
The price drop is too bad.
The price cut is huge, more than a hundred and now 99!
There are a lot of unrated orders on Amazon, so I use one of the clipped sentences as the rating.
If I use this sentence, I would say that the product had at least 85+ points.
And if the goods are bad I will definitely not steal to copy and paste the reviews so that other consumers can use it as a reference when buying them so that merchants can improve the quality of the goods.
A very cheap line, that's enough without fever!
So cheap line, but it should be the level of the standard of HDMI, personally in contrast to the second kill domestic Autumn leaf originally the motherfuckin joking ((the price is twice as expensive), the line is sturdy, but also soft, 7 meters transmission without noise, low price line approved better!
There's still stuff, but Amazon's after-sales service is so much worse than the other sites.
After placing the order, I discovered an error, but I can't cancel it. The web page has been showing the wrong link, I couldn't be contacted.
When the order arrived, the delivery person called me. I said I didn't want it anymore and wanted to cancel the order, but the delivery person took it back and said he would sign it for me and have me return it.
You can return a product, you can't call the Amazon customer service, the same is true when you say that the food can't be returned if it's checked in.
I have bought non-refundable items, including milk, paper diapers and so on, and the customer service gave them back, and the customer service of Jindong was just too big, so the customer service gave it back after opening it.
The law is dead, man is alive, how do you deal with your client?
I'll either get it myself, or get a courier to buy it for me, it's not easy, why do I give people money to buy things that I don't buy?
I'm not retiring, I took it myself, but I have to give you a 1 point for your service
We have to make sure that they spend money.
First full of anticipation to buy, felt that the brand should not be bad, where to go, received in the future to see the packaging felt it was fine, but the head is not good, but a box is basically soft, look is not visible, if you feel it, eat it in mouth without any taste, tasteless, bite the meat a round of dark yellow is bad that sort, badly sold, it can eat less than a third of the price, I advise people not to buy, cheap, the quality is too bad!
Eat your heart out and never buy fruit from online stores again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting logo?
From the outside of the packaging bag, the degree to which it is hard to feel is disturbing, after all, the food packaging is too simple, and yet belongs to international purchases, and there is no obvious anti-counterfeiting logo, opening the bottle is very easy, the key is that a layer of honey comes directly from the inside, there is an opening that is almost non-sticky, are foreign products like that?
I don't get it, I was born in China.
It should be authentic, right?
There is also the note for the twenties, when this one is received at 14 and this is the first time that I am buying from abroad, and just to write down my doubts, maybe this is normal?
The delivery service needs to be improved
I bought 5 delivery vouchers in total, when I withdrew, I first requested 3 copies, the first result was only 2 copies, after multiple communication, it was confirmed that it was a missed, I had to make a return; the second booking, just in time for the holiday, website and WeChat had no hint that the booking would be done on a weekday, causing unnecessary panic, I recommend improving later.
Good shopping
Things are good!
It is also convenient to buy things abroad, and the logistics time of buying abroad from abroad to get back and forth from abroad is only a few days longer than in the country. I have to say that the Amazon abroad to get to domestic clearance is still very strong, much faster than to go transport, so many things are now purchased overseas.
I hope that the quality and price of our domestic products is a little bit better, many things are produced in this country, but we have to go outside and buy them, it is cheaper than in the country, hoping for improvements.
Garbage
If you see a package like this, ask the people: Does it look like trash by the side of the road?
Are we responsible for a plastic package, fragile, that was sent from so-called Germany in a plastic bag?
I look at these kind of packaging as just like junk; I buy this product and packaging with its simplicity without any measures to prevent damage, I pack it in a simple plastic bag, which is then completely deformed, and the items inside are broken as well.
If I just bump into one of these, I admit, I buy them all and I go to Amazon, and they say they can be returned, but the shipping cost is paid, and the shipping is returned to me in the form of a gift card.
Let me ask you, I pay the shipping in cash, you give me the gift card, that means I have to buy your gift card myself, let me put it bluntly, or to mail the product to a warehouse in Germany, but it's not a crime to buy a product!
And I keep telling my customers about who is responsible for such problems, they don't even say half of their responsibility, not even half of their responsibility, what is the guarantee for this after-sales service? One word: yes!
Good quality, 5 stars, poor logistics
1, very good quality, second hand, moderate price, good value
2, the material is solid, the mould is firm, the surface is well treated, the color is good.
3, Logistics is hard, the invoice under the 3, the 11 is in.
4, I might have been pleased if Amazon hadn't marked the expected delivery date as 7 February.
5, but the expected delivery time is equivalent to giving customers a promise, and when the promise cannot be fulfilled, the customer is very sad.
6, If you are not sure, don't make a promise.
7.In fact, I care a lot about the promises made by businessmen
So, I scored low.
The yellow lines turn.
The effect is there, but whether the feeling is obvious depends on personal preference, or the psychological effect.
There's something that is not very good, which is the gold wire, which was designed to look nice, but actually, this gold wire will fade and go to the car, if you move it a few times, on your hands, and on the car, there will be some gold powder.
Hopefully the product can be improved.
This is a square, with no decorative effects, so don't mess up the gold line, fall off and get in the car and mess the car up.
Things are ready, it's going fast, it's packed in two different packages.
8 days speed is pretty fast, but 2 pieces divided into 2 packages, packaging is not the same, obviously one is too seismically, thick cardboard is attached, covered with layers of plastic, the outer packaging is easy to remove, one is similar to the domestic express box, put several buffers airbags, the sense of a bit of overlap.
The Yalan Mattress is genuine.
34 cm mattress is not as thick as usual, but the beds can be used directly.
The quality is good, both the front and back are soft, the sleep is very comfortable, and you'll fall asleep very quickly lying on it.
The bedding had a bit of a dirt on it after the delivery because of the messenger's forceful delivery, and the customer service was very responsible and efficient to sort out the issue.
It's not a self-made product, Amazon is shameless.
The page is clearly indicated as self-serve, the actual delivery is by the supplier, and after the sale is the responsibility of the supplier, if there is a problem, contact the supplier yourself ̳
You want to cancel your order, sorry, the order information has been passed on to the supplier and cannot be cancelled; want to return the goods, successfully requested the return of the goods on Amazon, sorry, no one has paid attention to you, need to contact the supplier for the return yourself.
This is a niche product.
The goods are not distributed by Amazon, after sales Amazon is not responsible, customer service says, "Please help me to contact the supplier, please call us", and claims that they are self-employed, that's too shameless, naked do not show your face, naked to scam consumers!
The experience was debilitating.
The filter works well, after 28 days, one or two days later the water is still free of scale.
Since it's always been the quality of what can be purchased on Amazon, this time I wanted to buy here, for the first time in Amazon to buy a filter, it doesn't feel very good, not only the early start to water scale, and the filter has been used until the 28th day, will be floating a small black carbon powder, don't really know whether to continue to use, or to throw out the direct good, very depressed~
It was not as good as I thought.
Compared with the plug boards I have used in the past, the exterior is generally working, and the interior is not opened, but as described by the shop owner, from the ease of use, it is possible to see if there is a lack of power supply to each separate unit
The packaging was damaged, so it's time to check the quality of the product.
It was badly damaged, the box inside looks new, but the instructions aren't new, it was just updated in September, it's still in stock and hopefully it won't be so bad, please explain to Amazon why several customers mentioned damaged packaging and you are safe, thank you!
Overall good, with a few issues.
The first time I bought a water filtration pump, I read a few review articles, felt that LAICA is cheaper than the cost, chose this one, received the package according to the instruction sheet, tried it, feeling good overall, but when pouring the water it looks like the original water from the pump nozzle area will mix with the treated water (the original water tank sealing is not too strict).).
When you apply, wait until all the water is filtered and then pour it out.
The picture is incomplete.
The picture is not a picture of the side details, the side details are not in line with the style of the subject, there is a big difference, this is the first; this bead is made in Thailand, without indication of origin, this is the second; no mark is the texture, this is the third; when I bought in England, each box was marked, here was just a simple plastic bag, and there is no logo, where I can see is a fake.
Be careful what you buy, especially things from Hong Kong.
Amazon's customer service is terrible.
Two days ago I ordered and today I see I have lost $40 for the item, it took me a long time to find it, but the customer said that they couldn't make the price, so they will buy it again and return it.
This customer experience and service is 10,000 times worse than some treasures and some toasts.
Still, as a newbie, it is worth it.
I had seen the price in the market before and I have seen that the prices are hundreds, and this is the first time I've played a game of kung fu, and it's okay.
Things are good.
The things were really good, sent to my girlfriend, but a little displeased when I was not in Canada express at noon, the logistics company put them directly in the mailbox and sent me a confirmation message that they hadn't received the item, which made me doubtful.
But baby is really nice.
Worth the Buy
Dear little lamb, Amazon offer is very good, direct delivery to our website, I ordered last night and received it this afternoon, very fast.
The postman is also responsible.
Thank you!
Confession of a customer
1 Amazon customer service advised to not be in a hurry, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then somewhere in the middle, you call the customer service representative, and they tell you that this issue will be dealt with by a commissioner, and he will tell you the outcome.
You can never contact the Commissioner, you don't know her work number, you can't contact her direct; that is, you can not contact her, but only she can contact you.
The tragedy is that after waiting almost 3 days, the Commissioner contacted me, my phone went out for a while, I didn't get a call from the Commissioner.
I waited for two hours for the commissioner to call, and during this time, I called Amazon customer service and emailed the customer service to call me back.
4 Almost 3 days later, and I still have no idea what Amazon will do with this second-hand coffee machine that I received!
5 There is no problem with the Amazon of America products, buying abroad is fine, but it is much worse than the services to Asia.
6 As for me, I shall keep on waiting...
The bottom is not flat
Because it was well received, everyone was very hopeful about this soup, and when they got it they liked it, it was very easy, but when it was opened, they found a problem, the bottom of the soup was not flat, the middle stuck out, around the soup went down, the oil ran around, intentionally bought baked fat burst a lot of oil could not cover the central area, the paste, the opening could not be opened, such structure can not cook food properly.
I don't know if it was my luck, but I just picked up a flat tire, and thanks to Amazon's monthly returns service, I've got it back.
I brushed my clothes clean and sober, and went back to work after half a day.
Good product design requires a matching manufacturing process
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The shape of the cube, with the top of the designers handled as a tiny arc.
It should have been a very smooth line.
However, the end result was not achieved.
This is because the top has two parts, the front is the control panel, and the back is the top of the water tank.
The arch of the top and the arch of the control panel are not consistent, with a height difference of up to about 2 mm after the fitting.
Although it may seem like a small gap.
It was not a great idea, but it would have ruined the whole design concept.
A bit sad for the product designer.
It seems that Miley's product managers do not yet have the ability to create a product of this level.
(To the after-sales lady, the feedback is of course not too high, but when I heard after-sales say that all the individuals of this product are like that, and not only the one I bought that has a problem, her disbelief and honest burden made me understand that the beautiful can not ask for too high) 2019-7-7 the pump failure has less water output, it has been repaired for the second time, two weeks after the first repair broke.
Amazon's fake offer is a sad thing
The baby is a week after birth. The temperature is very good.
The outside of the coating cannot be heated, so it can effectively protect the surface from the heat, regardless of the heat.
The air conditioned rooms can remain at a high temperature even after a night.
Amazon said there were 320 deals in the annual event, and afterwards we learned that there were 249, 289, 299 deals, there was a feeling of being cheated for the moment, but comparing this to the supermarket would still be a lot cheaper than various other brands at the same price, and it'll be available for car trips in future.
Vitamix Vitamix 6300 is a brand name for an
I have been watching for a long time, but I am looking for Melia 6300 and a good deal at the same price in Central Asia and the overseas market.
I ordered on September 2nd, and the expected delivery was on the 21st, but it arrived on the 12th, almost 10 days in advance, which was fast!
The packaging is not big, it is Vitamix original packaging, and Amazon is not afraid of the crash floating in the sea!
The machine looked new, the accessories were complete, the cups were on the base and shook so hard that I was afraid to start the machine and the cups would fly out!
I asked a friend who has 5200 followers to describe how relaxed he felt without me.
The randomly supplied recipe is all in English, and looks boring, I cannot even find the Chinese version online, which is a problem!
When I got it, I bought the transformer, and we estimated that it will be there in three days, so let's have a good breakdown!
It's too small, has no frames, and the material is commonplace.
This is not a big boat!
Two are the Totes, 1. It has no sleeves 2. The handle material is general 3. It's clearly written as Large, which is actually a handy umbrella for one person and is estimated as comfortable enough for two people.
But the one that came to Maya, which can be used by three people without pressure.
It doesn't feel good.
First, the box is not strong enough, it is deformed with a push, and then when the back of the box is flat, the ABS foam prevents the box from blooming and does not work, again, the box inside is wrapped in a piece of cloth, where the lever is highlighted, etc., all sorts of dissatisfactions, and finally the chain does not go smoothly.
PS: The wheel feels really good.
Or you can.
Pros: This shoulder bag is sophisticated and looks durable.
Cons: Can't scan the two-dimensional code on the card ((what the hell), the 15.6-inch notebook can't be taken down ((going a little longer), the dual shoulder strap is possible to lock it, but without a lock for the buyer, which is not a great service ▽
The whole thing is fine, I don't know if it's leather.
The overall feel is ok, can not evaluate blindly without knowing whether it is leather or not.
A4 size paper may be filled in, and a box that is over 80 pages thick, but is too thick and too hard, which cannot be deformed is estimated not to fit.
The bags are soft, and the spacing in the bags is human, but it's pretty good.
But the bottom of this bag I picked up has a little eye on the bottom, can I tell if my personality is bad?
She had to go back and forth to change her things, but it was not possible.
Overall, four stars, but still worth it.
ForRoyal windscreen worldwide camera strap with single-retro
The design of the strap is scientific, it hangs on the shoulder, is practical, and the camera is fixed and protected on the chest with soft materials, unlike other speed shooters with screws fastened to the bottom of the camera, and it is very convenient to take a photograph.
Waste after sale
The piano I bought a month and a half ago, missing parts, Amazon gave me a call after the sale, after several contacts, the part was still not received, please, what is its efficiency!
I guess if there's a problem, it will be more difficult to repair the car afterwards, so if they're well sold friends, just get off the road, that would be too much trouble!
There was a little glitch, but the sound is good.
The head has a defect, it's missing a horn, it feels like a scrap, and there are no gifts, but the price is fine, and the sound is fine as well.
We're going, the first one.
I tried to use it for a long time, but all sounded good except for the bass.
The other is that the job is not as perfect as he had imagined.
The first time I bought it, there was a problem, all the lights were flashing and could not be used.
They had asked for an exchange, and it turned out that it had been three days since the shipment arrived in Shanghai, but it hasn't arrived yet.
Calls to the delivery service were not answered.
The courier company says they have only that one contact.
Amazon couldn't find a complaint to complain about.
I asked for a delay in delivery, and when the delivery was not requested, the delivery was delayed - the messaging came.
What's next on the transfer question?
Despite the poor shopping experience, we began to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics and control systems.
I guess we don't get it today either.
The labels are too sticky, not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not coated; And the stickiness of the label is poor, and for cable labels are not at all, very easy to drop, buy to organize cable friends need to be careful.
The pencil is okay, but the packaging is too cheap and it is in a cardboard box, with no protection, and the box for the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent tape, and the pieces are torn off and put on the box.
This is what we got for $600, but this is a disappointing purchase.
The pen is fine.
I hope we can improve the packaging in the future!
The quality of the writing is not as good as 925-25
If you think about the daily delivery of airmail and the service, the service is very fast, the attitude is very good!
I have been working with 925-25, very good, just received 925-85, the quality of the pen was said, the style is very beautiful, and the reason for giving four stars is because the pen is a bit heavy, not suitable for fast writing, the pen cap regulates the length of the filter core a little fussing, personal opinion: 925-25 is more fluid than 85.
So it became an Amazon death powder.
We're getting the super low price, so our children don't like to read.
When you try to get a refund, the delivery is free of charge.
This is bullshit.
We do not promote returns, but this is the only service of its kind in China.
Hope this is not abused.
After that, the books were moved to this place.
Earphones, and noise.
The headphones are really junk, I don't know if it's my ears or if these are not as good as before.
I bought a blue one at an easy-to-find shop two years ago, sound quality is good, there is no background noise, it's good, and I'm going to buy another one after more than two years (urbeats), it still feels good after all.
And then I see this other purple one, it is really nice, so I bought this one, I only opened one today, but I didn't feel right.
At first I thought it was because of the sound, but after listening for half a day I realized that the problem was very serious, and not only is the distortion, the bass and the sound that I got before that sounded good, there was some noise, is it only the purple that I bought that this phenomenon has?
This is a poor review, and a disappointment.
Be sure to return it in the morning.
PS is good.
This AV booster is complex in setup, rough in appearance and generates a lot of heat.
"Some of the votes will take some time to evaluate!
The DN1080, which was only available in German on August 14, looked pretty good on the surface.
1. The front panel and knob are made of plastic.
The audio input port in the rear, the horn output terminals are very bad, and the 1000-2000 CD power unit is too much better than this one.
3. The top cover is thin, the side of my transformer slipped away, and I had to uncassage and recover it by hand, loosening the top cover from the front panel.
4. The whole machine is oriented towards the transformer end, which is not twisted in moving.
The feeling is that SONY is a machine, just do it, it is made in Malaysia.
I feel it's better for Sony to have it working in China than the little horse.
The machine is heating up, the two-way channel used to watch movies is 40-50 °C for about 2 hours. Touch the top cover with your hand, I don't know if the transformer is too big to generate heat.
The switch power is now used, and this huge transformer is estimated to weigh 4 kg.
Sony should have been using a silent fan inside the machine, and after unpacking, only the large aluminum plate heaters in the pipe.
The Small
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Company Ltd. is an R&D, design, manufacturing, marketing and trading company of apparel, men's outdoor and leisure wear. It is a young and flourishing company.
FANDUN JEEP clothing focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology with traditional industry, introducing advanced international production equipment, process design and management technology, and creating a first-class clothing production line in the country.
The pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public good.
In terms of information construction, efforts to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that enterprises are strengthened and improved in terms of integrated management skills, and overall enhanced the level of enterprise modern management.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of integrity, harmony, quality and excellence, the product is well established in the domestic market, and is very well liked by most customers.
Jeep clothes, because it is young, so confident!
We sincerely welcome foreign and domestic businessmen to come and work together!
Entrepreneurship: Being proactive, keeping up with the times, service: customer first, sincere dedication, business mission: to lead the trend, establish a brand.
Never opened.
The battery is dead.
I'd love to dissect it and see what's in it.
Then I remembered, if you take it apart and feel disappointed, it's a big mistake to spend the money; if it's satisfying when you take it off, it's hard to put it back together again, and you're not happy with it.
So it seems, even if Sony had to use a good chip.
As for the details of the electricity, the average person gets confused.
I'm OK, I worked at the phone factory for a long time, besides not knowing anything about the circuit, I'm half a battery engineer, I can handle it.
It was a surprise.
I was really bummed before I bought it, and it felt really good until I opened the box!
When I finally touched the headphone cord it felt extremely soft and the quality was very good and I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone to playqq music.
I was shocked to hear that the sound was surrounded by 3D!
I checked in the physical mailbox, almost 30 or so, but by no means the quality brand is not the same, it is mixed, so I say this win, although 27 dollars, but the price is absolutely worth owning!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing the order on September 28, the system showed that it had already been shipped, but the order was still waiting until October 12.
Check the order status on Amazon.com. The seller did not provide the delivery number, and cannot locate where it is.
So i sent an e-mail to the seller asking for the delivery number, and after two days no answer yet.
I had no choice but to call amazon, the customer service department gave me the seller's number, I called the store and after a couple calls they answered the phone and told me that the delivery was lost and that they would have another one sent back to me right away.
Although I was especially mad, since the computer was very needed, I didn't speak much to the seller, so send it to me immediately.
As a result, I called the next day and asked if it was shipped yet.
The seller says no, it's going in the afternoon.
So I called again in the afternoon, and the seller said it should come, and at 5:06 pm it came, but then at 7:00 pm when I called no one answered.
The third morning I called again, did I ask for the goods to be sent out?
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said no, he told me I had to order it from another place if I was in a hurry, if possible wait until the afternoon.
I have no way to do that, so I wait a long time to order from someone else.
They just ask the seller to send it fast.
After countless phone calls, I finally received my computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, as it was bought for someone else, so please add comments later on.
I bought it in a month, but I haven't used it for 6 months, and now the contact is bad, and ask if I could get it fixed?
I think the problem is not that I have a desktop, but that I haven't used it many times since I bought it.
Just a few times in my travel suitcase.
Recently, it was discovered that when connected to a power source, the device did not charge itself, so the charger and the wire are pushed under the connection points with the hands.
I suspect there is something wrong with the interface and I don't know if I can fix it now?
Amazon is strongly recommended to stop EMS!
Commodity five stars, logistics one and an average of three stars.
I don't understand why Amazon wants to send EMS, which is not trustworthy in the industry, well, good computers are valuable goods too!
The order came in and the delivery was scheduled for the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take 45 days to get from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
On the morning of the 22nd, Cha Cha Logistics finally arrived in Fuzhou, ready for a party and a reception. However, in the evening, without receiving any calls or SMS, Cha Cha Logistics was finally received at noon, and the signage was also displayed.
I was shocked!
Who am I? Where am I? Did I really buy this computer?
This is why I am so worried about the consequences of my behavior.
In the end, I had to run for a generation to get the computer back.
The reason for that was simply because the delivery boy got the two numbers wrong, as long as the item wasn't lost ≫
I strongly recommend Amazon not to use EMS, I will definitely not buy it again if Amazon sends me with EMS in the future.
Good stuff.
First, just a few days after purchasing, we saw that the price has been reduced, poor reviews, this is still quite good, the price is relatively high, the cpu and graphics card are enough to cope with the mainstream internet games and a considerable part of large single computer, the heat dissipation is very good, but the screen has a little leakage (the epidemic of the screen IPS), the sound quality is not good, the hard drive is not good (recommended to spend a bit of money on adding solid state), yesterday to check the hardware, there is no problem, the win8.1 is not very good, recommend to upgrade to 10, the seller ships quickly, all enquiries are answered very quickly, the next day the ticket received, good, sorry, but there is no gift for the computer.
(By the way, to buy a keyboard sticker do not go to a store called E-cool digital center, the shipment is slow, the quality is poor, the product has problems that cannot be replaced, the boss is full of dirty talk, especially expose it.)
Things are good, the platform bureaucrats are still there
The quality of the hard disk is very good, the price is absolutely high, and it is cheaper than buying in Hong Kong, and it is absolutely recommended to buy if it can be used without any haste and can withstand logistics.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of Amazon is still the same and is unchanged from what it was a few years ago when I swore it was completely useless and you can never see actual logistics, information is always weeks away, you can never complain, and so on.
It's a matter of days to receive the goods, it's still a matter of 10 days to get the logistics information, then you will get the goods!
Logistics are not easy
Not only that the cylinders are open, but the electricity package is open, and I don't know if there has been a re-packaging or not.
FYI
We have not tried it yet, we rely on Philips to have a longer battery life than other brands.
After checking the Internet it could be a waterborne disease and there is no warranty.
The flower!
And now, wrapping it in the preservative, how long will it last?
We bought something that someone had already removed.
It's true that the tax on more than 300 machines is higher, but more than 600 machines is more balanced.
When you receive it, the state of the cap was very wrong, it was as if it had been opened, hurried to take a picture, then it was ripped open, opened and the cardboard inside was damaged, worried that someone else had turned it back on, before the anniversary day, it was rushed to try it on the husband, the machine had no electricity at all, it was better to have no scrap inside the head of the knife, if not a big long-distance backlash!
It is not yet known whether it will be useful or will be any problem in the short term, and like previous reviews, the one sent during the lack of inventory is definitely not reliable!
The higher the level of experience.
This year, it is almost the top electricity, and there are many different brushing modes, but very few people change to a different one daily.
With no wrinkles for six months, daily brushing, and a full day of showering, there were no problems with the skin.
The brush head accessories are also cheap on Amazon.
This app is a little difficult to use, other than changing colors, other seeming compatibility issues are the reason for the overseas version?
They want to learn the law.
The sex ratio is high.
It's been used 3-4 times already.
1, packed.
2. Very easy to use and easy to clean.
3. Do it yourself, and save money.
Overall, a very successful purchase.
Fake goods
Last time I bought two packages, it was actually two different versions, the words on the bottom left of the package were green, but there was one package, it was not, it was white words, and the cat ate the cat and got sick.
I am not sure if it came from Amazon, or if the item was left unwrapped by the staff at the time of delivery.
I am going to buy another one, and if it is fake I will hold you accountable.
It is a lie!
And I have the picture in italics on Amazon, but it was sent to me in horizontal, isn't that a scam?
It works.
The cat likes to eat, that's the point.
And it did work.
Tight, narrow, shaky feet, and back rubs.
Not recommended.
1.UN is the most comfortable series of Clarke's and this one is too bad
Added: Today compared to previous UN series slippers ((the shoes are thrown away and left to use), the material is much worse than before, it is not as elastic as before, it is not as breathable as before, it is pseudo-soft.
2. My feet are not high, my ankles are about 3 cm forward at the top of the foot.
3. Three pairs of clarks were bought from abroad, only one of them fit
And then I had to delete it from my collection.
Go back and try out Rockport instead of just going to the Echo store.
It is not good.
First of all, it is worth noting that Prime was very strongly attracted by the acquisition of UPS abroad, with the sixth single under the number 31 being received.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the skin feels good.
The shoe size is slightly larger, 25 feet long, 10.5 wide bars, 7.5 W, and the upper legs are slightly loose, but I usually like to wear them loose, and have a pair of shoes in order.
Secondly, this shoe is a bit of a bad taste control: one toe is broken, the other has scratches, a knob, the toe and the sole have gotten in the wrong place, and everything has been well done.
A little bit of regret!
I bought it for $280, the cost to get it from Arthur was fairly low, and then, of course, I'd read the reviews for a much lower price.
But let's talk about shoes, the advantages: They are light, comfortable to run in, they fit well, they do not loosen.
It is very high quality but also has its obvious flaws: I usually wear 40 shoes and this time I bought 40.5 shoes and they're about a thumb from the front of the shoe, but it doesn't affect anything.
This shoe is very tight and although there is a gap in the front, it feels tight.
Also, the shoes may not breathe well, but now the feet feel hot.
The back foot
First of all, the shoes work well and are well worth the price.
My feet are very standard, running shoes uk 7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, Amazon's Lovefoot also bought a few pairs, never had a mismatch, but this pair I refer comments, buy a UK7 number, the upper foot because the size of one yard of length is obviously biased, but because the shoes are too thick, or pressure foot back pressure is severe, plus hiking shoes are very hard, leading to the upper foot is very hard.
It is not recommended if your feet are not particularly thin.
If you have to buy them, you could also change the socks, but the original looks very high quality.
This is the perfect shopping experience!
very satisfied, very interested, Amazon overseas purchase is authentic and no doubt, the quality is very good, the product is cheap, the purchase confidence, after-sales service is very thoughtful, customer service is very friendly and friendly, handling the problems is patient and efficient, perfect after care is perfect, supporting the express delivery to the door is very convenient and orderly, delivery assistant is very thoughtful about the customer, and every time is reminded to pick up the goods from the express cabinet, thank you to Amazon for offering customers such a comfortable shopping experience.
All in all, we all love to shop overseas on Amazon!
What a bad comment!
This was a pretty bad move for this agency and Amazon.
Be careful with buying electronics on Amazon in the future.
Although it has been a long time ago, I am still coming here to tell you.
In the winter, it is sold in small batches of less than 200, which will keep at home for months.
I found out this was a problem with the bracelet when I went in in the spring, and the instructions for the device said that it was compatible with the other, but later on I found out that the heart rate band is the problem, since the other devices don't seem to be connected.
Call Amazon, they ask me to contact the agency, the agency let me send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the items were sent back as-is, and even the box was the same as the one I had sent!
There was no reply and no reply and no test reports!
Please tell me if this is good or bad!
It would be good to call and ask, and then send it back to say that the device has no problem.
"Why?" the agent replied, "That's none of their business".
Even if I am a loser, I should be hurt by you for a 200 dollar item.
The seriousness of the matter.
This is a very bad product.
The headband is well made.
It's better than Nike.
The air is very good.
Just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Do they make fun of you?
It doesn't completely block the sun.
The return is because it's a good headband.
Wearing it upward does not hide the sun.
This is not the same as the other headbands.
Keep it.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks contract spirit, the delivery is very good.
I asked for the delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon regulations do not allow delivery on Saturdays and Sundays.
I'm sorry that we had to drive 200 kilometers from the country to pick up my goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery person was very positive and enthusiastic.
Give it up!
The good product, just a taste, and good!
But I've never bought anything like this before, and it is not comparable!
Size and logistics
You can still work on it, the logistics are too slow, the shoes used to be DHL, this time Apex is really... I've bought a lot of UA in the country, no prices were low, I felt that it was more advanced than NIKE ADIDAS?
In fact, it's all the same, so there it is.
Size: I'm 176 cm, 68 kg, my shoulder width, the general clothes are 180s, I bought M, the bottom is a little longer, others dress nice, I think there is a recommended S size, the figure is slim? Or do you like tight? I think the hat is loose?
The right size.
Breasts 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, consulting customer service before buying was told to buy XXL, and then read the comments decided to get L, after receiving the goods found that the size was correct, almost got in the pit. ‖
The Double 11 is more expensive than the Black 5.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
Z Affordable Goods is a problem!
The order under No. 18 was received on the 25th, the speed of the cattle from Guangzhou to Beijing!
It had been a Z Discount, it said it had scratches, but when we received it we found 4 screws and nuts missing!
The child doesn't want to return, not much to worry about, but this little part of an accessory, the child ran to some nearby hardware store and didn't buy it!
The end of the world!
It looks like you won't be able to buy Z's bargains anymore!
The quality of the toys is poor
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, the top bolt is difficult, and the quality of the workmanship is not good, and it is not known how long you can play, because it is not the same as what you promised the child.
Other people's reviews were that the device was easy to install, is the only problem that is the one I bought?
Very common
Is it my bad luck?
The packaging is old; the work is simple; the music is one, only eight seconds long and then it repeats; the action is just to shake your head and move on without any change.
It's not worth it.
No refunds will be given for urgent use.
The quality of the toys is great, just spit the package
I received it through the mail yesterday, bought it on Amazon with the mark EMS shipping, and then the mail came from Tmall, how many tiles has this changed?
And what about packing, is that it is wrapped with several layers of preservative film, not even a packaging plastic foam paper inside, open a look, all the parts are in the empty boxes, and the quality of the toy is good, no broken parts, is too small than imagined, because not with a battery, the hand pushes off track, feeling that the gaps on both sides of the track are too large, the design is not reasonable.
Quality and fun
It's a lot of fun, the components are very precise, the workmanship is very good, the quality is almost Lego, the price is very good.
The assembling process was fun, and my five year old son came along and played with it, and it was fun.
He smiled and said that he would probably continue to buy this brand of toy for years to come.
The machine is new, and the Taipei is very good
I know the previous Christmas the price was about $150, but the delivery is a little slow.
The machine is good, and new.
The built-in pickaxe.
Then the words of the fairy's ball connected will send a dream.
The game is easy to play, more portable than the PS4.
I have already bought the Zelda, wait for the game, try again.
Produced bad, sold bad, and the result was the service of bad, bought six watches to send to his children, one of them displayed incomplete numbers, six hours of time were inconsistent, ten hours apart.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked if they have check time on the stock? They replied that if the watch has a check time, then the check time is so different, it's definitely the watch that doesn't have accuracy, simply put, it is a sea-going product, not what I said it was not difficult to hear, well, it was obvious quality problems (the numbers were not complete) were sold out, it was not rubbish cargo.
I contacted the sellers and the sellers gave a bunch of reasons, they complained about the things they shouldn't have bought, such products, such sellers, such after-sales service, who is going to buy on Amazon after all.
Anyway, I would recommend that you do not buy anything from this seller, as this is also junk.
Amazon shipping issues
Upon receipt, the inspection found that:
1. The packaging is badly damaged.
2, there is a serious use of the table specification
3, the clock does not work, the lamp is not charged or used, the time cannot be adjusted.
4 Please contact Amazon Customer Service for an additional charge for shipping to the U.S.
The reason for the 5.2 points is that the customer service is good.
All I can say is put it together.
The time is not very accurate, being about one second faster every day, and after a few months, it has already become over two minutes faster.
If you have used a piece of western iron before, it feels like it won't last a second more than a year or two.
The multi-year calendar function is quite good, but the timer function is a bit sloppy, basically useless, and occasionally mistakes the time-keeping mode.
Solar sports watches
Pros: No need to worry about battery replacement, world time, multiple batteries and full-time notifications.
Failure: The mirror is easy to scratch and get dirty.
Price to Performance Ratio: The average domestic price is between 220-300 and overseas purchases more than 180 (it takes about 1 week).
Satisfied watch
The goods must be authentic, go to the counter to examine the goods, the appearance of the table is beautiful, workmanship is precise, materials are used, plus the importation of mechanical movements, so there is a certain percentage, the three or four hundred so-called mechanical table cannot be compared, this is the true value of the goods.
The time of the watch is very accurate, the error is completely within acceptable limits, the package of the watch has a certificate of jewelery, the 12 words on the dial are real diamonds, it is convenient to wear, and it is very attractive as a gift.
The Bentley table is really good.
One of the worst shopping experiences ever.
After my wife's phone fell off on the night of September 23, I immediately got the heart of a Malaysian. Amazon ordered an 8p, available but not self-made, without a premium. Since self-made is not so easy, the system showed that the latest expected collection would be on September 27.
My wife didn't have a mobile phone, so she died, so the next morning she called me at around 6am thinking of a way to fix it, and then I went to Tokyo to see if the 256G could be delivered the same day, but only by ordering another one right away.
The first two posts are about the new ones, and I want to cancel the Amazon order right away.
As the order is made in the middle of the night, it is not possible to receive delivery early in the morning, call the customer service to cancel your order after 7:00 and the customer service response has been canceled. Please wait for SMS notification.
OK, I waited patiently, and at noon, I looked at my handset, and the order was still not shipped, so I immediately contacted customer service to cancel it, and they said okay.
At 3 pm the order was still there on the mobile, there was no way to contact customer service again and explicitly tell it it was the third time, please cancel the order and inform the seller not to ship!
At my request, customer service contacted the seller and informed me that the seller was not familiar with the system and should wait until he became familiar and then cancel the order.
But be sure to tell me that the seller knows about it and that the delivery is absolutely not happening.
When I looked at the order again on Monday, it showed it had been shipped and I was speechless.
As it is not possible to contact the seller directly, you can only call customer service again.
The next step was simple: I would say something, and then the customer service would do it.
The order is still in the undelivered status, and is ready to be sent again!
Will Amazon not follow suit?
The seller company has received the money anyway and it is pointless not to follow up.
In summary, it's no big deal to pay in advance, as if this is too much trouble.
It looks great.
I noticed this camera a long time ago but I didn't buy it for other reasons besides the price, so I bought it because of the packaging and the price.
After buying it I had no problem whatsoever with the other problems, it was not connected during the software connection, my house is TP's router, after searching the web I found out that many people have this problem, and after more than two hours, I changed the settings of the router, and finally I used 360 WIFI as a medium to fix it, during which I called the Xiaomi customer service, they did not have any solution to this problem, and let me contact Amazon directly after sales.
Another point worth noting is that I saw some comments from users online that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, smaller memory capacity is not recognizable, so I would like everyone's attention to this point.
It feels okay, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, the machine has a certain level of heat and it can be hard to accept if you turn it on and on.
All in all, there are many deficiencies of this product, so please be careful when you buy.
The reason I gave 3 stars was that this was bought with the first love of my life, with whom I was in a relationship for almost 3 years, and then she left me last year, until now.
The reason I gave the 3 stars is because it was bought with the first love of my life, and now I don't know how much of it I've used, maybe I'll throw it away!
After nearly 3 years in a relationship, she left me last year, and even now, when I think about her, my heart aches to leave this world, the first woman in my life, who brought me a lifetime of shadow and heartbreak, and I have not been able to get out until now.
When I bought this phone, I thought of how it felt then, that you can still share the pain of the same time, but now it's unbearable, and perhaps that's the way life is, some people don't want to meet for the rest of their lives, and some things they don't want to know for the rest of their lives, but what is the solution?
Every time I see the Samsung phone, I think about her, and that pain fills my body with it. I've never been able to spend over 2 thousand yen on the phone, but when I bought it for her, I didn't hesitate to say goodbye to one person, but one day when she changed her mind, all of her promises vanished.
The national brand
Huawei is a national product.
Low-key bosses and enterprises, who rely on technology and quality to win customers, are very different from the business spirit currently based on advertising to improve visibility!
It is impossible for a company that doesn't have the strength to do this, nor does it dare to do it!
This is why I chose Huawei.
I've been using it for over 6 months and it always felt good, very good.
The reason I didn't give full marks was because of the off-line navigation, and I didn't eventually figure out why, and the rest of the time was fine.
And its online input is good at destination, it has automatically design route after search, it has an automatic offline navigation after leaving the wifi start, and it is practical, without having to run traffic, it speaks directly to the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, very good!
Sony Law is good.
Sony's low-end mobile phone is still a good design, and is inexpensive, with a large screen and long service life, which makes it suitable for the elderly.
While it's been a long time, the machine is still working perfectly well.
But since my Z2 is down, this phone has done the job.
