This document begins in accordance with the provisions of Part 1 of the GB/T 1.1 202-long Standardization Work Guidelines: Structure and drafting rules for standardization documents.
This document replaces the GB 18030 I 2005 Information Technology” Chinese coding character set compared with GB 18030 I 2005. Apart from structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows:
The target audience for this document has been added (see Chapter 1),
The GB/I 13000 code positions corresponding to the 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components have been changed in the double-byte coding area, and in addition to the 6 repeatedly coded kanji components and 9 repeatedly coded Chinese characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code locations were changed in the four-byte coding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
Removed the appendix “Additional Chinese characters and headings/parts” see Appendix 0 of the 2005 edition,
The level of achievement was added” (see draft 9);
An informational appendix “List of Common Standard Chinese Characters; Code Locations for Negotiating Words” has been added, see Appendix.
Please be aware that some elements in this document may involve patents. The authority that issued this document is not responsible for identifying patents.
This document was submitted and compiled by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The publication status of the previous versions of this document and the documents it replaces is as follows:
First released in 1-2000, GB 18030 was first revised in 2000; the first revision was made in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 I 2022
Information Expansion” Chinese Coding Character Set
1 This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of Chinese graphic characters and very binary coding used in information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input, and output of Chinese and other text and graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products with informatization processing and exchange functions for Chinese and other text and graphic characters, including but not limited to software products represented by input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text transcription, Qiaoneng writing, etc., as well as stationery products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book reading tools, learning machines, etc.
2. Leaky Reference Documents
The content in the following documents forms the essential provisions of this document through normative references in the text.
Among them, for dated reference files, only the version corresponding to that date applies to this document; for undated reference files, the latest version (including all revisions) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312 I 1980” Character Set for Chinese Character Encoding for Information Exchange” Basic Set
GB/I 11383 I 1989 Information Processing” Eight-digit code structure and coding rules for information exchange
GB/Industrial 13000 Information Technology General Multi-8-Bit Coding Character Set (UCS)
3 Terms and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 character character
An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded characters coded characters
Characters (3.1) and their coding.
3.3 User defined private use area
Users of products that comply with this document can determine the area on their own.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by a set of coded characters (3.2).
3.5 Reserved Zone
Reserve the area specified in this document for the future.
GB 18030 I 2022
4 vocabulary
4.1 Overview
The characters included in this file are single-byte, double-word, or four-byte encodings.
The single-byte section contains all 128 characters of 0x00~0x7F from GB/T 11383 1989.
4.3 Double byte portion
The double-byte section includes all of the graphic characters in GB/T 2312 and 1980, the CJK unified Chinese characters from GB/T 13000, as well as some graphic characters.
The characters for the double-byte portion are as specified in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphics, code location, and function of the ideographic descriptor shall meet the requirements of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in countries and regions such as China, Japan, Nguk, Vietnam, etc.
Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs are given a separate code location; Chinese characters with different sources and the same abstract glyph are given a shared code location.
The coded kanji is called the CJK unified Chinese character CCJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK represents China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 four-byte portion
The four-byte section includes 66 CJK unified Chinese characters (9FA6 one 9FEF, not including the 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB) in GB/T 13000 other than the double-byte characters described above, CJK unified Chinese characters expanded A, CJK unified Chinese characters expanded BCJK unified kanji expanded C, CJK unified kanji expanded DCJK unified kanji expanded C, CJK unified kanji expanded DCJK unified kanji under DCJK unified kanji expansion F and characters already coded in GB/G13000.
The characters in the four-byte part are specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the main text, any representation marked with 0x before a number is in hexadecimal, and anything not marked with 0x is in decimal.
All codes in the appendix are expressed in hexadecimal, and all other numbers are expressed in decimal.
The single-byte portion uses the GB/T 11383 1989 coding structure, using 0x00~0x7F code bits.
The double glyph section uses two 8-bit binary bit strings to represent a character. The first byte is 0x81 one 0xFE, and the last byte is 0x40 one 0x7E and 0x80 one 0xFE, respectively.
The four-byte portion uses 0x30 one 0x39, which was not used in GB/work 11383 one 1989, as a suffix to double byte coding. The coding range is 0x81308130 one 0xFE39FE39.
The first character code range of the four-byte character is 0x81 one 0xFE; the second character code range is 0x30 one 0x39; the third byte code range is 0x81 one 0xFE; and the fourth character code range is 0x30 one 0x39. Namely: 0x81308130 one 0x81308139; 0x81308230 one 0x81308239 0x8130fe30 0x8130fe39; 0x81318130 one 0x81318139; oo2duolag0c “0uro23061393 0xFE39FE30 one 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and bit range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
The order in which the 6 characters are arranged
6.1 The order of some characters in the single-word brush
Some of the characters in the monolayer are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383 to 1989.
6.2 The order of some characters in the double character market
The order of the characters below the double letter should match Appendix A.
6.3 The order of some characters in the four-character brush
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are a total of 50400 code bits corresponding to the double-byte portion of the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in the GB/T13000 basic multilingual plane.
A total of 1058400 code bits from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 are used on the 16 auxiliary planes corresponding to GB/T 13000. The character arrangement order is arranged exactly according to the order of the corresponding code bits of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The four-byte portion of the characters should be in the same order as Appendix C.
7 bit allocation
1. Code allocation for the single-character market section
The code bits for the single-byte portion are distributed according to the rules of GB/T 11383 a 1989.
The single-byte code bit allocation is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code allocation for double character parts
The code arrangement for the double byte section is divided into 0x8140 ~ 0xFE7E and 0x8180 1 0xFEFE, for a total of 23,940 code bits.
The double-byte bit allocation is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23,940 bits
Double byte zone 1:846 bits
SS WA and RS Ssang Ning Festival Zone 3, 6080 dock
First byte 0xA8 to 0xA9 double byte zone 5:192 bits
3. Double character vegetable partial coding spatial structure diagram
Table 2 Code arrangement for the phonetic reading section
Human code range
Code distribution for the four-character brush section
The four-byte section contains Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters.
The four-byte human code distribution is shown in Table 3.
The four-byte human code distribution not specified in Table 3 is shown in 6.3.
Table 3 Code arrangement for the four-character news section
Code range
Table 3 Code arrangement for the four-byte section (continued)
Code range Number of digits in a code digit
A total of 25200 code bits from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined zones.
Other unoccupied four-byte code bits are reserved, and leave marks are used for future file extensions.
Explanation of the 8-part characters and code
Compared to GB 18030 I 2005, the glyphs on some code locations and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this file (see Appendix D).
9.1 General Rules
This document specifies three levels of implementation.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level range.
9.2 Implementing Level 1
Implement CJK unified Chinese characters (i.e. 0x82358F33 one 0x82359636) and CJK unified Chinese character expansion A (that is, 0x8139EE39 one 0x82358738) of the single-byte coding part, the two-season coding part, and the four-character under-letter word for level 1 text.
Any product to which this document applies should meet the requirements for implementing Level 1.
NOTE: Depending on the requirements of the software application, Level 1 implementation can also select any one or more of the non-Chinese writing styles listed in Writing Table 3.
9.3 Implementing Level 2
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.
Furthermore, implementation level 2 also maintains that there are no coded Chinese characters included within actual level 1 in the “General Standard Chinese Character List}”.
See the appendix for the code locations and glyphs of the Chinese characters included in the “General Standard Chinese Character List” in this document.
The system software and supporting software shall meet the requirements for achieving Level 2.
Note: System software and documentation support software include, but are not limited to, operating systems, database management systems, middleware (see GB/ Engineering 36475 for software product classification information).
9.4 Achieve Level 3
Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2.
Furthermore, to achieve level 3, the text also holds all of the Chinese characters specified in this document and the kang and black radicals in Table 3.
Products used in government services and public services shall meet the requirements for achieving Level 3.
Note: Government services and common service industries include, but are not limited to, rail transport, road transport\ water transport, air transport, multimodal transport and transport agencies, postal services, insurance, land, management, health, state institutions, social security, etc. (see GB/ Labor 4754 for industry classification information).
Appendix A (Normative)
Double character chart
A.1 Contents of the table
This table shows the glyph and code of a double-byte encoded character, as well as the GB/T 13000 code position corresponding to that character.
A.2 Table description
Examples are as follows:
First byte second byte low
3 double-byte zones
Second byte high GBCT 13000 code location
Appendix B (Statutory)
ideographic descriptor
This appendix contains 13 ideographic descriptors specified by the GB/TI 13000 and describes their graphics, code locations, and functions.
See Table B.1 for details.
Table B.1. Graphics, code location, and function description of ideographic descriptors
The code bit function of the code bit GB/T 13000 in this file is similar but not equal. It is used to use a certain character to express foreign characters
Left and right structure
Upper and lower structure
Left-center-right structure
Upper, middle and lower structure
Full encirclement structure
Go back to the encirclement structure
Back to the encirclement structure
Back to the right encirclement structure
Back to the bottom right to the encirclement structure
Back to the bottom left of the encirclement structure
Back to the upper right enclosing structure
Rental structure
Appendix C (normative)
Four-character book character chart
C.1 Contents of the table
This table shows the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters, and also shows the GB/TI 13000 code corresponding to that character but the position, and the glyphs for the other parts are omitted.
C.2 Explanation of the table
Appendix D (Informational)
Explanation of some characters and codes
D.1 18 GB/T 13000 code positions adjusted
B 18030 I 2005 specifies temporary code locations for 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000. These code positions have been adjusted in this file, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Adjusted Code Correspondence (continued)
This document and GB 18030 one 2005 GB 18030 one 2005 is the GB/T 13000 bit corresponding to this document
D.2 The 6 kanji components removed from the double character word area
Table D.2. Code Locations and Reserved Glyphs
D.3 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters removed from the double character subsection
The nine CJK long Chinese characters for GB/TI 13000 from GB 18030 I 2005 have been removed from this file, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3. Nine Removed CJK Compatible Chinese Characters and Their Code Locations
Appendix opens (informational) Code locations of Chinese characters in the “General Standard Chinese Character List”
This document contains all 8105 standardized Chinese characters from the “List of 4 Common Standard Chinese Characters Approved and Published by the State Council of the People's Republic of China” in 2013. Their code locations and glyphs are shown in Table 1.
The order of the Chinese characters in the table is the same as the order of the standardized Chinese characters in the “4 General Standard Chinese Character List”. The Chinese characters with serial number 1, serial number 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the Chinese characters with serial number 3501, serial number 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the Chinese characters with serial number 6501 and serial number 8105 are third-level Chinese characters.
Table E.1. Glyphs and code positions of Chinese characters in the “General Standard Chinese Character List”
GB/ Industrial 4754 National Economy Industry Classification
GB/ Industrial 36475 Software Product Classification
List of common standard Chinese characters. State Council of the People's Republic of China (Guofa (2013) No. 23).
The content of this manual page is taken from the full documentation of the GNU C compiler, and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone voluntarily maintains it, Euros documents and Info files are authoritative documents.
If you find a conflict between the manual page and the software, please check Info
If we notice obvious confusion and complaints about the content of this manual page due to its obsolescence, we stop publishing it. There is no other option, such as updating the Info file and updating the man manual at the same time, since other tasks to maintain Gnu cc don't leave us time to do this. The GNU Project believes that the man manual is an outdated product, and that time should be spent elsewhere.
For complete and up to date documentation, check out the Info file `gee' or the FT&/Haize #H GNU CC (FT&/Haize GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
DESCRIPTION (DESCRIPTION) The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They all process the input files in one or more of the four steps: preprocessing (preprocessing), Hii (assembly), (assembly), and (assembly) MERE (linking).
The subname of the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the last name controls the default settings:
gcc believes that the preprocessed file (.i) is a c file, and establishes a c-form connection,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a C++ file, and establishes a c++-style connection.
The subname of the source file indicates the type of language and later actions:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, compilation
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compiling, compiling
. CXX C++ source programs; preprocessing, compiling, compiling
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i Preprocessed c files; compilation, compilation
.ii preprocessed c++ files; compilation, compilation
.s assembly language source program; compilation
assembly language source program; preprocessing, assembly
.h preprocessor files; files that do not usually appear on the command line by other suffixes are passed to the connector (Linker). This usually includes:
.0 object file (Object file)
.a archive file (Archive file)
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the full process), connecting is always the last step.
In the connection phase, all the.e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and unrecognized file names (including the specified.o H label files and.a library files) are passed to the connector options (OPTIONS) in the order in the command line
The options must be given separately: de 'is completely different from `-d -r'.
Most of the `-=E: and `-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno- name).
Only formats that are not default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in later sections.
Code Generation Option (Code Generation Option)
Overall Option
Make it clear that the language of the next input file is language (not the default choice obtained from the file name).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option.language option is selected
Close any explicit language specification, so post-process the following file according to the file name (RE AS E '-x' option).
If you're only operating part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, connection), you can use the '-x' option (or Ah after the file name) to tell geo where to start, use the `~-c', or `-E' option to tell geo where to end. Note, some combination of options (for example, `-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c compiles or assembles the source file, ETER. By default ERA ATI, GCC uses' .o 'Tsai to replace the source file name with a suffix of' .ec 'for the file name. You can choose a different name using the -o option. GCC ignores any unrecognized input after the -ec option, Wimber -S F, whatever.
The target file is ready.
Once compiled, it stops; no assembly is carried out.
Pipelines rather than temporary files are used to work between the different stages of the compilation process, since those systems' assemblers can't read data from pipes. The GNU assembler doesn't have this problem. The assembler can accept the C “dialect”: supports C programs that conform to ANSI standards.
This will turn off some feature keywords in GNU Cc that aren't compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax, which indicate that they are popular and rarely used, as well as disabling (note: all standard libraries are available in the hosted environment (hosted environment), and the function returns an int value for almost every program other than the kernel. The typical example is almost every program other than the kernel. The corresponding independent environment (f£) (Reestanding environment) There is no standard library, and the program entry is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel. For details, see recent information on the GCC website)
Function declarations with no arguments, such as `int foo (); ', are treated in C style --- that is, the number or type of parameters is not specified. (For C++ only).
Under normal circumstances, a function like this foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The list of sections has been removed from here to some aspects that attempt to support the traditional C compiler.
See the NU c manual for details; we've removed the details so that when the content is out of date, people won't be HERI.
Except for one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the '-traditional' option has an added effect, allowing values to be assigned to this.
It has the same effect as the '-ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional CC preprocessor.
In particular, what is mentioned above about preprocessors is not included, but the other effects of the `-traditional' option are not included.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of the '$' character in identifiers (for C++ only).
You can specify the `"-efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly disallow the use of the '$' character.
(GNU C++ allows the '$' character by default on some target systems, but not all systems.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion of ant types to enumerated types (enumeration) (MEF c++).
Under normal circumstances, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int; the reverse is not possible.
-fexternal-—templates generates smaller code (c++ only) for template declarations (template declarations) by generating a copy of each template function (template function) only where they are defined.
To successfully use this option, you must mark either `#pragma implementation tatio' (definition) or `#Pragma interface' (statement) in all files using the template.
When a program is compiled with `-fexternal-templates', all template instantiations (template instantiations) are external types. You must make the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved through typedef, which refers to every instance required.
Correspondence, if the default option `-fno-exteznal-templates' is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set as built-in.
All member functions (with the exception of constructor subfunctions and the mnew or delete member operators) are considered virtual functions of the class in which they belong.
This doesn't indicate that every call to a member function will go through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; at this point, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the types of the second and third parameters of the conditional expression to not match.
The value of this type of expression is Void. -fthis-—is-variable allows assigning values to this (for c++ only).
Incorporating a user-defined free storage management mechanism into C++ makes the “this” that can be assigned a value seem out of place.
Therefore, by default, assigning a value to this from within a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backwards compatibility, you can make this operation effective with the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines a char as an unsigned type, just like an unsigned char.
Every machine has its own default char type. It could be either an unsigned char or a signed char.
Ideally, when relying on the symbolic nature of the data, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz.
But many programs have been written using only a simple char, and the expectation street is a signed number (or an unsigned number, depending on the target machine that wrote the program).
This option, and its antonym, makes such programs work on the corresponding default values.
The type of char should always be clearly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it represents exactly one of them.
If no 'signed' or “unsigned” modifiers are explicitly stated, these options are used to define a signed bitfield (bitfield) or an unsigned bitfield.
By default, bitfields are signed, since the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed numbers; however, if the `-traditional' option is specified, the bitfields are always unsigned numbers.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in a writable data section without any special treatment.
This is to be compatible with some old programs; their calculation of string constants is a very bad idea, and the '-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
The impact of COVID-19 on the drug market
The impact could be similar to the 2008 economic crisis
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has left health-care institutions too poor to handle and has nearly collapsed, and restrictions imposed by governments have caused serious disruptions in the global economy.
As for the drug market, the impact of the pandemic is unclear and difficult to predict, but it is likely to have far-reaching effects.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as both movement restrictions limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers are unable to cross the border due to travel restrictions and may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and delivery may change, and the government's ability to respond may be hampered.
The transformation brought about by COVID-19 is unprecedented, but we can still learn some lessons from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began searching for cheaper synthetic substances and switched their usage pattern to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.
If governments respond in the same way to the current economic downturn, interventions to prevent drug use and related risk behaviors and drug treatment services could be hit hard.
Furthermore, interdiction operations and international cooperation may be given less priority, making it easier for traffickers to act.
A number of countries have large amounts of drugs smuggled through commercial flights, and drug trafficking activities in these countries are expected to be the most directly affected.
Couriers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in carry-on backpacks or in personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. As restrictions on air passenger traffic are imposed almost everywhere, activities using commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely interrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, the use of the dark web and the mailing of goods for trafficking is likely to increase.
In the long run, the economic downturn and associated lockdown measures could disrupt the drug market.
Due to rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, develop drug addiction disorders, and switch to illegal drug-related activities, whether production or transportation.
Drug cartels may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable people and recruit new members to grow their ranks.
As the government's ability to respond declines, these changes are likely to quickly take root and become a new reality for many communities.
Expansion and Complexity
Market growth
The population growth pattern partly explains the reasons for market expansion
Drug use has been increasing all over the world, both in terms of overall numbers and in terms of the proportion of drug users in the world population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while the estimated number of drug users in 2018 was 269 million, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
Over the past two decades, drug use in developing countries has grown far faster than developed countries.
This partly reflects the difference in overall population growth during this period, with developed countries at 7% and developing countries at 28%, but it also reflects the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults make up the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries declined by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets
In both developed and developing countries, there is more drug use in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the large-scale movement of people from rural to urban1 Currently, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, compared to 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of drug markets, particularly in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
Increased wealth is linked to increased drug use, yet the poorest people bear the greatest burden of disease worldwide, and drug use is more common in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are even more strongly linked to the wealthiest regions of the world.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the affluent sectors of society.
However, those with lower socioeconomic status have a higher rate of conversion to drug addiction.
Data from a few countries suggest a link between harmful drug use patterns and illness and low income.
These patterns seem to be less common in the more affluent social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to heighten the risks of the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been linked to increased drug use in the past, and the pandemic has already forced tens of millions of people around the world to lose their jobs.
COVID-19 may cause the drug market to expand further. The COVID-19 pandemic may cause more farmers to increase or engage in illegal crop cultivation, or because of reduced control capacity of national authorities, or because more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities under the economic crisis.
The restrictions associated with COVID-19 have led to a reduction in air and land traffic, and maritime trafficking may have increased as a result. The risk of interception at sea is low, and there is more volume than air or land smuggling.
There have been recent reports of cocaine shipments directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of substances not under international control is stable, but potentially harmful novel opioid types are increasing, and the drug market is becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine, and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. Non-medical use of pharmaceuticals is also rapidly increasing.
Member States' domestic markets have around 500 novel active substances each year.
Currently, most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid agonists and small amounts of opioids.
Although the overall amount of novel psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportions have changed.
Novel opioid psychoactive substances accounted for only 2% of the total number of novel psychoactive substances identified in 2014, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the novel opioid psychoactive substances are fentanyl analogues. Their efficacy and harm have been proven to have caused overdose deaths in North America, as well as in other regions, but to a lesser extent.
In North America, some fentanyl is used as a doping agent for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, while others are used to make counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
Some evidence suggests that Europe also has the phenomenon of doping with novel psychoactive substances: a study on the residues of abandoned syringes in six European cities found that many syringes contained novel psychoactive substances with stimulatory effects.”
2 The use of novel psychoactive substances may gradually become entrenched in vulnerable groups
A single class of novel psychoactive substances has almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among marginalized groups such as homeless people and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported on the use of novel psychoactive substances in prisons, most of which identified synthetic cannabinoids as a major challenge.
Control of precursor chemicals forces drug makers to innovate Many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, and “ecstasy” have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and drug producers are always looking for alternatives, not only less controlled substances, but also chemicals specifically designed to evade control, so-called “special precursors.”
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to further squeeze drug makers that rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests this is already a reality: in March 2020, a shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia reportedly prompted a rise in methamphetamine prices in Mexico and the US.
The market is changing rapidly
Synthetic drugs replace opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiates market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opiates intercepted by Russian authorities has dropped by about 80 per cent, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has been drastically reduced.
But the doping market seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including methephedrone and a-pyrrolidinylphenylpentanone, are now ubiquitous in the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities report that the number of recently seized clandestine processing sites that manufacture various illegal drugs has risen sharply, more than doubled in two years, to 152 processing sites in 2018.
Growth in methamphetamine markets in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystalline methamphetamine has become another worrisome major drug other than “fennethalin” and tramadol.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug users saying marijuana is harder to obtain than “fennethalin” or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities discovered multiple methamphetamine processing sites, and the Board has expressed concern over the massive import of pseudoephedrine preparations using these agents as precursors at a methamphetamine processing site.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine production appears to have started in 2014.
Since then, there has been a steady rise in methamphetamine seizures.
But the amount seized in the first half of 2019 was 1,^657 kg — a sharp increase from the previous year.
Large amounts of methamphetamine believed to have originated in Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, which also indicates that the country's production is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and changing trends
Most of the jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of marijuana have a trend of increasing marijuana use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
Cannabis use has increased in most of these jurisdictions since legalization, although similar trends have been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical use of marijuana.
In Colorado and Washington, the first two states to pass legislation in the US, there has been an increase in non-medical use of marijuana among adults, particularly over the past month and the increase in daily or almost daily use, which has surpassed the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that cannabis use in Uruguay has increased since 2011, almost doubling last month.
This indicates that the increase is mainly due to the frequent and frequent use of marijuana.
Canada's short-term data also shows that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, usage also increased.
However, 40% of cannabis users still obtained certain products from illegal sources in 2019.
Is the reason behind the sharp drop in global cannabis herb seizures the legalization of marijuana?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years due to declining seizures in North America, which fell 84% over the past 10 years.
By contrast, the volume of seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled during the same period. Seizure patterns suggest that policies aimed at liberalizing the cannabis market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of novel psychoactive substances appears to have a curbing effect. It is still difficult to evaluate the effects of domestic regulation of novel psychoactive substances.
Some countries with different regulatory systems for novel psychoactive substances have shown different prevalence rates of novel psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, there has been a decrease in the use of novel psychoactive substances after the adoption of domestic legislation.
Vulnerable groups face damage from the legal and illegal drug markets. Medicinal opioids used for pain management and palliative treatment mainly provide pain relievers in high-income countries and are unevenly distributed across regions.
In 2018, over 90% of all pharmaceutical opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% are in Europe, and 2% are in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries make up 88% of the global population, yet consume less than 10% of pharmaceutical opioids.
Barriers to access to medicinal opioids are linked to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems, and prescription practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing drug addiction disorders. In 2018, about 35.6 million people had drug addiction conditions.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug use diseases and exacerbate their consequences. Studies from high-income countries confirm this. In these studies, an individual's unfavorable socio-economic trajectory is not only related to their condition at a certain point in time, but also to the risk of drug addiction symptoms.
Drug addiction also deepens socio-economic disadvantages and further increases the risk of unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, thereby fueling a vicious cycle of disadvantage. These results may also be related to abusive attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, sexually diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disaster, and people in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug use or have problems accessing treatment services.
According to the Disability-Adjusted Life Span (DALY) index, which estimates the number of years of healthy life expectancy lost due to disability and premature death, the impact of harmful drug use on a wider range of societies has worsened over the past 10 years.
Between 2007 and 2018, there was a 17 per cent increase in global disability-adjusted life expectancy due to drug use.
Liver cancer associated with untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, increased the number of years of life expectancy was particularly high — up to 40%.
The complex relationship between drugs and violence makes it difficult to determine all the causal relationships between psychoactive substance use and violence.
Limited data from around the world suggest that intoxication may be a significant factor in homicides.
But alcohol appears to play a greater role than drugs in violent incidents.
Although drug use may lead to crime, in some cases this link may be due in part to a variety of mediating factors, such as socio-economic disadvantages and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment, and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized crime, including international drug trafficking, is likely to be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depends not so much on the amount of trafficking as on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power among organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of illegal markets, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
The latest trends
Drug use of marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most harmful
It is estimated that 192 million people used marijuana in 2018, making it the most used drug in the world.
By contrast, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
However, the harms associated with opioids have been ignored due to fewer users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths associated with drug use conditions in 2017, 66% were caused by these substances, and 50% of the 21 million years of life believed to have been lost due to disability or premature death due to drug use were caused by these substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, it is tramadol that is exacerbating the opioid crisis; in North America it is fentanyl. The two regions have little in common in terms of economies, demographics, or general drug use patterns, yet they are struggling to fight the opioid crisis fueled by substances that are easily available and low in production costs.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in the number of deaths due to opioid overdose over the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the US involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, but the numbers were lower.
Part of the cause of fentanyl overdose deaths is the unpredictable efficacy of fentanyl on the illegal drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, the market for non-medical use of tramadol has grown significantly.
In this region, more and more patients with tramadol use conditions are being treated.
In 2017, the majority of trout horses intercepted worldwide increased significantly, reaching a peak value of over 125 tons.
But in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating tramadol, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
What contributed to the crisis in these two places was the simplicity of manufacture and low production costs, in addition to the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogues or their precursors.
What worsens the crisis in both places is that these substances are available in both drug markets and illegal markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their misuse.
Stimulant use continues to increase
The stimulants sector is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are increasing in use in their main markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018 because of its popularity in North America and Western Europe.
About 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most used amphetamine-type stimulant in South-East Asia and North America.
According to most of the available indicators, the use of methamphetamine in these two regions has continued to expand over the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes replacing each other. As the usage of one drug increases, the use of another drug decreases, sometimes simultaneously increasing and decreasing to meet the needs of the same market.
COVID-19 increases the risk of injecting drug users
According to estimates, there were about 11.3 million injecting drug users in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million people are infected with HIV among injecting drug users, and 5.5 million people are infected with hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug addiction. Half of them died from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, yet most of those injecting drug users still have not been treated for hepatitis C.
5 Opioid shortages due to COVID-19 restrictions may cause users to replace more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injections or inject more frequently, more harmful uses may occur.
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless bluetooth headset
Instruction manual
Product introduction
Please read this manual carefully and keep it properly before using the product.
The earphones themselves come with medium earflaps, so if you don't feel too comfortable, you need to use the underside even if you don't feel like it.
01 Wear headphones
Gently tuck the earbuds at an angle down into the ear canal and gently swing the head earphones without moving at home.
When you're on a call, pointing the headphone microphone towards your mouth can make the call clearer.
When the host changes the call, please be careful to adjust the headphone to reveal the microphone
Before charging, please remove the net at each charging point of the left and right earphones to fully charge the charging case and earphones.
Plug in the charging cable to charge both the earphones and charging case at the same time.
When the charging case is not fully charged, the red light on the charging indicator is on for a long time, and the charging:3 indicator goes off when fully charged.
While the headset is charging, the red light on the headphone indicator stays on, the headphone is fully charged, and the white light on the headset indicator goes out after 1 minute.
02 Charging and booting
The earphones are inside the charging case, and the headphones automatically turn on when you take them out of the charging case.
The headset is not in the charging case and is turned off; press and hold the multi-function button for about 1 second (the white light is on for 1 second).
Press and hold for about 1 second
The white light stays on for 1 second
shutdown
Place it in the charging case and the earphones will automatically shut off.
When the system is on, press and hold the multi-function button for about 5 seconds (the red light is on for 2 seconds)
Press for about 5 seconds
The red light is on for a long time, 2 aircraft
03 Get started
Automatic connection: Move the two headsets ten from the outside of the charger case.
The two elder surgeons automatically start, and the white light comes on.
Then there were six red and white lights. The left and right sacs are connected in series on their own.
When the white light on the left/right earphones blinks slowly. Open the device's disavow and search for “RedmiarDots2” and click Complete Dissolution.
After the first connection. Nongzhi can automatically connect to the previous paired device when booted (Bluetooth must be enabled).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the earphones back in the charging case. Repeat the above actions.
Press and hold for about 1 second to turn on
headphone indicator
Switch freely between single ear/dual ear; when the two earphones are successfully connected, it becomes a dual Den connection; put either earphone back in the charging case and turn it off, the other earphone goes into single-ear mode, and you can automatically resume binaural mode when you take it out again.
Manual connection: While the earphones are turned off, turn both headsets on manually. The white light comes on, then the red and white lights flash quickly. The left and right headphones are automatically connected in series, wait for the left/right headphone white light to slowly flash, then turn on the device's Bluetooth search connection.
Earphones reset
If the headset doesn't connect and use properly, please follow the steps below to reset it
Headphones: Take the headset out of the charging case, press and hold the multi-function keys on each earphone for 15 seconds while the power is off, until the red and white lights flash alternately 3 times, then release and put back the charging case (clear the continuous transmission record between the headphone and phone).
04 The product accessories, user interface, etc. illustrations in the manual are all illustrations, for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the diagram, so please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communications Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi Ecosystem Enterprise)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing
Call number: 400-100-5678
For information on this strict regulation, please check the sales network: www micom
Bae Ming Shu's Featured Song: v10Reae
Key features
The following functions can be operated on both the left and right headphones. Tap to answer the call; during a call or outgoing call, play/pause the audio when hanging up the phone music, press and hold for about 1 second to release
When you receive a call or refuse a phone call, switch to headset/phone and simply tap to listen
While on a call, turn silent mode on/off
While on standby, turn on Voice Assistant (device must support voice function and enable quick wake-up settings)
Answer a second call and switch the call
When there's a new call in the phone call, click the multi-function key to keep the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multi-function key to switch between the two calls.
basic parameters
Product Name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphones
Product model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic headphone parameters
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single headphone)
Input parameters: 5V two 100mA
Net weight per ear: about 4.1g
Battery type: lithium ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free Kongliao environment)
Wireless connectivity: Bluetooth 50
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/ HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
warns
1 Do not disassemble for any reason. Repair or modify the earphones, otherwise they may cause a fire or even completely damage the product;
2 Do not place the device in an environment where the temperature is too low or too high;
3 When using the device indicator, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorm weather; thunderstorms can cause the equipment to work abnormally and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
6 Do not contact this product with liquids.
notice
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 You must choose a charger certified by the national CCC made by a regular manufacturer
3. Continuous use of headphones for a long time may damage hearing, please control the usage time and volume reasonably;
4 Use of headphones may reduce the perception of external sounds; please do not use headphones in environments that may endanger safety.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 to 500 mA
Output parameters: 5V one 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery wear capacity: 300 mAh
Electromagnetic Type: Lithium Ion Polymer Battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Instructions
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product After-sales Service Strict
According to the “Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China” and the “Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China”, a three-package after-sales service is implemented. The service content is as follows:
I. Warranty Policy
1 Within 7 days from the day after you sign up, this product has a performance failure as listed in the “Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table”. It has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi After-sales Service Center, and you can enjoy free return or exchange services;
2 Within 8 to 15 days from the day after you sign up, this product has a performance failure as listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 EE Fault Table”, which has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi After-sales Service Center, but may
3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign up, this product has a performance fault listed in the “Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table”. It has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi After-Sales Service Center, and you can enjoy free maintenance services.
A Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table
Name performance failure
1 No sound is heard during use.
“Electric Tooth Headphones” 2 The other party can't hear a sound during a call.
It can't be charged anymore.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1. Unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, negligence, minor use, liquid injection, accident, modification, improper use of non-product accessories or tearing, modification of stickers, or security marks;
2 The expiration date of the three packs has passed;
3. Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Situations that do not meet the performance faults listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table”
5 Due to human reasons, this product and its accessories caused performance failures as listed in the “Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table”.
The name and content of harmful substances in the product
Hazardous substances are prepared in this form in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: indicates that the content of this hazardous substance in all homogenous materials for this component is below the limit requirements set out in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy, EU officials: The acceptance process is a bottleneck step by step. -Xinhua
EU summit bickers over refugee policy. EU official: There are bottlenecks at every step of the acceptance process
[Niu Ruifei, Special Correspondent of the Global Times in Belgium] According to an AFP report on February 10, at the latest EU summit on the same day, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration, making it easier to expel illegal immigrants.
According to reports, the EU's move is a response to Europe's growing concerns about illegal immigration. Today, the EU's core problem is that the number of illegal immigrants who can eventually be deported is very small.
According to the summit documents, EU leaders called on the Commission to “immediately mobilize large amounts of EU funds” to strengthen the external borders through infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and member states continue to quarrel over issues such as payment of fence fees.
Von der Leyen has stated time and again that EU funds will not pay the relevant expenses.
However, diplomats from some member states say that if the EU can share the part of installing cameras, observation towers, and other infrastructure along the external border, this will free up national budgets for countries and thus speed up the construction process.
According to the European Euractiv website, EU officials acknowledge that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process. Limited acceptance capacity and the overburdened immigration authorities of member states cannot prevent refugees from submitting “countless” asylum applications in EU countries, and that the EU refugee reception system is in an almost “permanent crisis.”
According to European Commission estimates, EU Schengen countries received over 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half over the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also reached an agreement on a “principle” that EU countries can return illegal immigrants to their country based on another member state's court decision.
Furthermore, the report said that EU leaders also agreed to “increase the use of the concept of a secure country,” which will pave the way for the EU to draw up a common list.
(Source: Global Times, author: Niu Ruifei)
America's escalation of the “chip war” hits the global semiconductor industry-Sinomine.com
Recently, the US “chip war” against China has escalated — first, the Netherlands and Japan agreed to initiate controls on exports of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China under pressure from the US; foreign media later reported that the US government was considering cutting off all ties between US suppliers and Huawei and prohibiting US suppliers from supplying any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to issue an executive order restricting US investment in the sensitive Chinese technology industry... Shortly after the start of 2023, the US continued to make bad moves to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the US has never stopped cracking down on China's “core” development. While accurately suppressing the semiconductor production supply chain to China, it is building a “de-Chinesized” semiconductor industry chain alliance in an attempt to completely “throw out” China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is winning over South Korea to establish a “technology alliance,” or establishing a “quadripartite alliance” for chips with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, or using mechanisms such as the “quadripartite mechanism” and “Indo-Pacific economic framework” between the US, Japan, India, and Australia, or the “Indo-Pacific Economic Framework” to establish a “small circle” in the semiconductor industry chain, the US has introduced politicized, camped, and weaponized means in an attempt to establish a closed production and supply chain cycle dominated by the US to make up for its shortcomings in the chip manufacturing field and maintain its dominant position in the global chip industry.
However, America's “core tactic” against China with great fanfare is also “injuring 1,000 enemies and causing 800 self-damage.”
Recently, Fanlin Group, a well-known American chip manufacturing equipment supplier, announced that due to the latest round of chip manufacturing equipment export bans to China, the group will lay off 1,300 full-time employees and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The global lithography giant Dutch Asmarck Holding Company recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to a rise in semiconductor prices.
According to US media analysis, after the US government imposed an outrageous crackdown on China's chip and semiconductor industries, many US companies suffered greatly, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, and chip manufacturers themselves.
America's so-called crackdown on China's advanced semiconductor industry has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has already formed a closely linked global semiconductor industry chain.
According to expert estimates, based on a specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products requires crossing the borders of various countries more than 70 times, reaching 100 days.
Although the US semiconductor industry has a strong foundation, manufacturing capacity, especially advanced manufacturing technology, is weak, and it relies heavily on the East Asian region.
Even if the US makes every effort to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to a “small circle” dominated by the US, it is difficult to change the regional distribution and interdependence of semiconductor-related industries around the world.
The United States has strongly “reshaped” and “de-Chinized” the semiconductor industry chain, severely impacting the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry is inseparable from the participation of countries around the world.
In recent years, the US has taken a series of unilateral actions to successively introduce the “Innovation and Competition Act”, “2022 US Competition Act” and “Chip and Science Act” to use technological hegemony to consolidate the country's technological leadership; “win and win” on allies to induce chip manufacturers such as Intel, TSMC, and Samsung to set up factories in the US to try to ensure America's global leadership position in the chip field.
In the short term, the US has indeed caused trouble for the development of China's chip industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
However, in the long run, the US's hysterical crackdown has forced the Chinese chip industry to make continuous breakthroughs, causing itself to lose the huge Chinese market. Ultimately, it will greatly weaken the will and ability of American technology companies to innovate, and damage the development of the global chip industry.
Gao Qiao
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products can only be held for 360 days at the earliest. -Sinomine.com
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products went on sale
You can choose from 7 products from the agency and hold them for as little as 360 days
Personal pension wealth management products are finally online.
On February 10, China Wealth Management Network released the list of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products. Seven personal pension wealth management products from ICBC Wealth Management, Agricultural Bank Wealth Management, and China Post Wealth Management were officially released.
At this point, the “shelf” of personal pension accounts has finally gathered four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension financial management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public funds.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension wealth management products were all publicly funded net worth open products, including 5 new products and 2 surviving products. Except for 1 product, which is a hybrid product, the remaining 6 products are all fixed income products.
A Beijing Youth Daily reporter saw that 4 of the 5 new products were from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed income products. The minimum holding periods were 365 days, 540 days, 720 days, and 1080 days, respectively. The corresponding performance comparison benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70 percent - 4.20 percent, 4.10 percent - 4.60 percent, 4.40 percent - 4.90 percent, and 5.75 percent, respectively.
The remaining new product is “Post Bank Wealth Tianyi Hongjin holds as little as 1,095 days 1”. It is also a fixed income product. The fundraising began on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is level 2.
Of the two surviving products, one is Agricultural Bank Wealth Management's “Agricultural Bank Concentric and Smart” 360-day technology innovates RMB wealth management products. The investment nature is mixed, and the risk level is level 3.
Another surviving product is “Post Bank Wealth Tianyi Hongjin Holds 365 Days 1”, a fixed income type. The fundraising began on December 30 last year. It officially went into operation on January 4 this year, with a cumulative net worth of 1.0011 on February 8.
According to the “Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pensions”, financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund account funds include bank financial management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public funds, etc.
The release of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products marks that personal pension investors can officially purchase wealth management products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November of last year, the Banking Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the “Interim Measures on the Administration of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies”.
The “Measures” stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management products, personal pension insurance products, and personal pension public fund products through personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the three departments of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Affairs, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued notices clarifying that the personal pension system will be implemented in Beijing, Tianjin, and 36 pioneering cities and regions, including Shijiazhuang and Xiong'an New District in Hebei, and Jincheng in Shanxi.
By the end of 2022, the number of individual pension participants was 19.54 million, and the number of contributors was 6.13 million, with a total contribution amount of 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, banks participating in the pilot had listed only three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products, and personal pension public funds.
Now that personal pension wealth management products are also available, how should investors choose?
Experts from the BOCOM Wealth Management Product Research and Development Department said that compared to other personal pension products, the pilot phase of the pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products all have three characteristics.
The first is prudence. The risk management mechanism is more complete, investment strategies and ideas are more stable, and independent hosting is implemented by a third party other than the parent bank.
Second, they are long-term. The term of all pension wealth management products in the pilot phase is 5 years or more. The minimum holding period for personal pension wealth management products to be issued in the next step is 1 year in principle, and holdings of at least 3 years are encouraged.
Third, inclusiveness. The purchase threshold for products is low. The starting point of purchase is generally 1 yuan, and some are as low as 0.01 yuan. The rates for product hosting fees, management fees, etc. are even more favorable.
Experts pointed out that investors should choose according to product characteristics and their risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of long terms, high interest rates, and high safety, and are suitable for people with poor risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection and are more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; while personal pension wealth management products and public fund products do not protect capital or income, have certain investment risks, but the expected returns are high, suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk bearing ability.
Text/Co-ordinated by Cheng Jie, reporter of this newspaper/Chi Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust-Sinomine.com
Another big gym “thunderstorm”?
Recently, the issue of rights protection for members of Zhongjian Fitness, a well-known fitness institution, attracted public attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members discovered that their stores were not operating normally. Afterwards, rumors about the agency going out of business caused members to panic, causing public security and social affairs departments to intervene.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the agency came forward to respond, promising that efforts would be made to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members before the storm was brought to an end.
Some stores of individual fitness institutions have had business problems and are temporarily closed. Consumers could have been calm and wait for the problem to be solved. Why is the first reaction of so many members “big things not good”?
Behind the fitness club members' rights protection storm is the deep-seated issue of the industry's trust crisis.
Traditional gyms in China generally adopt a prepaid model, and “making money users don't get” is the underlying logic of their development.
Obtaining cash flow through pre-selling membership cards and continuously opening new stores seems to be able to cycle back and forth. In fact, Yin eats food and is unable to form a stable profit model.
Negative information from gyms and other industries is frequently coming out, which has had a strong impact on consumer confidence.
Judging from market prospects, gyms can of course be considered a good business with “money.”
Despite the ups and downs of fitness tracks, they have always received capital attention.
According to various data, the popularity of fields such as cultural and sports consumption continues to rise, and the market continues to pick up.
Specifically with regard to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the concept of a healthy lifestyle, the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after consumption has recovered. Having just emerged from the crisis, they are also sounding the trumpet of opening up land, investing all of their financing funds into the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that due to the impact of the epidemic in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn, and the industry has been reshuffled. At this time, powerful enterprises have selectively stepped up their acquisition efforts and restructured. Failure to explore this is not a new opportunity.
However, if the fitness market is to enter a virtuous cycle and embark on the steady and far-reaching Kangzhuang Avenue, the industry must change its traditional model and business strategy.
Only by working steadily and re-establishing consumers' trust and sense of security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared to building a new store to seize the market, what the fitness industry currently needs more is to calm down to optimize services and use high-quality development to stabilize users.
First, it's up to the service to retain users.
Gyms belong to the service industry. Their essence is to adhere to “user orientation”, focus closely on user needs, and focus operations on improving service quality and upgrading.
Second, it is up to digital transformation to improve the user experience.
For example, the current popular internet gym model allows users to pay per time and choose the venue.
At the same time, physical data and exercise data can be effectively utilized to meet social needs and achieve a closed loop of complete services from online to offline.
Without private education promotions and huge annual passes, users' concerns about fitness institutions “running” have been reduced, and their sense of trust has also increased.
Furthermore, it is also necessary to actively explore diverse business formats.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to scenario consumption, and fitness clubs are expected to become new consumers. Peripheral products such as exercise supplements and fitness equipment required for fitness may become new profit points, providing consumers with richer choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy more and get back the difference!
Nanjing property market reproduces “price difference compensation” -Sinomine.com
Yangzi Evening News (Reporter Ma Zuobo) The Yangzi Evening News/Ziniu News reporter discovered in an interview on the 10th that the “insurance price agreement” that had not been seen in more than 10 years had returned to the Nanjing property market. A property located in the Jiangbei New Area claimed “price difference compensation.” The discount on other properties was greater than the previous discount before the house was handed over, and the developers were willing to exchange and refund the difference in price for the buyer.
There are quite a few “insurance agreement” conditions
The name of this property in the Jiangbei New Area is Poly Yangzi Cuiyuntai. The housekeeper, Mr. Sun, told the reporter that he discovered a “statement” while visiting the property last weekend.
The picture he sent to the reporter showed that the developer of the property promised that anyone who purchased the property between February 1 and February 28 from the date the two parties signed the purchase and sale contract until the delivery of the corresponding property, if the preferential discount for other properties in the project is greater than the discount previously enjoyed by the purchase of the house (limited to other unsold commercial properties of the same type, same building, same unit, and same property type as the commercial property), the developer can exchange the house for the buyer and refund the difference in price.
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually an “insured price agreement”. The purpose is to reassure the buyer and not worry about the development company's price reduction promotion. “Now I'm afraid that the price will drop once I've bought it. There's no time to go to the sales office; if you don't make a fuss, I'm really worried.”
There are also quite a few buyers who think that although the “insurance price agreement” is a “reassurance pill” for buyers, the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who is planning to buy a house she just needed in Jiangbei, said that the first thing to insured property is to have the same apartment type; it also has to be in the same building and unit. There are few properties that buyers can compare prices, so the “threshold” is still quite high.
There are also buyers who think that due to asymmetric information and additional concessions are not ruled out when selling, it is not too difficult for buyers to “defend their rights.”
Whether it can keep buyers remains to be seen
The reporter inquired online real estate in Nanjing and learned that in November of last year, the property led the sale of a total of 252 units in the two buildings. The apartment area was 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., and the average price of the fully furnished license was 39,843 yuan/㎡.
However, more than two months have passed, and online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in this property is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%. Of these, Building 8 has a total of 128 units, and the number of unsold units has reached 113. Of the 124 units in Building 7, 44 units are also unsold. The total number of units sold for the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.
According to market sources, “insurance price agreements” also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, in order to attract the attention of buyers, Hengtang Xiyuan, a real estate on Huangshan Road in Hexi, launched the “Price Insurance Plan”. The details were “The company solemnly promises that if the project discount margin expands within one year, the difference resulting from this will be refunded to the old owners.”
Since then, in 2011/4, 9 properties in Nanjing also offered part of their listings and promised to “pay the difference in price.”
“The property market is picking up, and a 'strength agent' is needed even more at this time.
Mr. Shen, a senior trader in the Nanjing real estate industry, said that “insured price agreements” are also one of the marketing methods for housing enterprises.
He believes that development companies now need more confidence than buyers; the introduction of an “insured price agreement” is actually encouraging them.
As to whether buyers can be retained, he said that this depends on the influence of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds, so it remains to be seen.
Multiple data decline, Taiwan's economy did not perform well at the beginning of the year.-Sinomine.com
Xinhua News Agency report of February 11 from Taipei (by staff reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yang) - Export trade volume has been “in a row”, the manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) has been tightening for 7 consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has also seen “3 letters”... Recently, the Taiwanese authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
According to expert analysis, Taiwan's economy did not perform well at the beginning of the year, and the pressure on growth was not small.
According to an announcement from the financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan exported 31.51 billion US dollars in January this year, a decrease of 21.2% per year, for the 5th consecutive month of negative growth.
Compared with the same period last year, the export value of 11 major export categories all experienced a decline.
Plastic rubber, its products, and optical equipment saw the deepest decline, with annual declines of 37.6% and 35.7%, respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell 20.1% a year, the biggest decline in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits declined by 18.3% per year, the biggest decline in 14 years.
The department's statistics director, Choi Mei Na, said that this shows that the effects of weak demand in the consumer electronics industry are spreading, and that the electronics industry has entered a correction period.
Statistics show that Taiwan's imports and exports both fell in January, and the excess amount was only 2.34 billion US dollars, the lowest level in the past 3 years.
The financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities believes that global demand for terminals has declined, industrial adjustments have curbed manufacturers' willingness to buy materials, that the decline in exports is unlikely to improve in the short term, and that Taiwan's export decline in the first quarter of this year is likely to be higher than expected.
According to the release of Taiwan's Chinese Economic Research Institute, Taiwan's manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) for January this year was 40.4% after seasonal adjustment, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and contracted for 7 consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring index system, the PMI uses 50% as the boom and bust line, and the index is greater than 50%, representing economic expansion, and conversely, contraction.
Among the five components of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders were added, production and manpower employment were tightened, supplier delivery times declined, and inventories were tight.
All six major industries reported PMI tightening, with the power and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), electronics and optics industry (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), basic raw materials industry (42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%), and food and textile industry (45.7%) according to the rate of tightening.
On the price side, the Taiwan administration's “General Comptroller's Office” announced that Taiwan's CPI had an annual increase of 3.04% in January this year, breaking through 3% again since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared 28.25% to a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, special member of Taiwan's “General Comptroller's Office”, admits that the increase in food prices did exceed expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, the average CPI for January and February this year should be close to 2.71% of December last year. Inflationary pressure still exists, and it is still at a high point.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, according to reports from the island's media such as “United Daily” and “Yahoo Finance,” experts expressed pessimism.
Wu Daren, professor of economics at Taiwan's “Chung-Ang University”, analyzed that the decline in exports may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturing companies, and the risk of debt default increases.
At the same time, fewer orders have caused manufacturers to cut labor costs, affecting the labor market and household economy, which in turn impacted consumption capacity.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and the US is unresolved this year, demand continues to shrink, and it is estimated that Taiwan's export decline will continue until the first half of the year.
Since Taiwan's economy is supported by exports and is affected by the slump in exports, the annual economic growth performance will not be as good as last year.
“An important engine for global recovery” -.com
“In response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Chinese economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Julio Rios, a well-known Spanish expert on China and an honorary adviser to the China Policy Watch Network, said in an interview with this newspaper reporter a few days ago that China's epidemic prevention and control has now entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further unleashed.
Rios said that in the face of the impact of various factors exceeding expectations, China has responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
While China is unswervingly expanding its openness to the outside world, the endogenous dynamics of economic development are constantly increasing, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing collaboratively.
Every year, China's National Two Conferences are held. Delegates and members discuss national development plans, discuss hot issues of people's livelihood, forge broad consensus, gather people's hearts and minds, and gather wisdom to add strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term rapid development and has now entered a stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and expects China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
Rios said that at present, China is making every effort to promote scientific and technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development. “Capital investment, talent development, and policy incentives make China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan.”
In Rios's view, reforming the economic system is a difficult task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China leverages not only the strengths of the market economy but also the superiority of the socialist system and takes proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Focusing on the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, increasing financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, insisting on innovative development, promoting employment, raising the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meeting people's multi-level diversified consumption needs... China fully, accurately and comprehensively implements the new development concept, focuses on promoting high-quality development, and constructing a new development pattern will bring more opportunities for growth to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the joint “Belt and Road” initiative.
“Steady economic recovery after the pandemic is a common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
Rios said he looks forward to the joint establishment of “Belt and Road” cooperation to continue to play its important role in improving infrastructure levels in various fields and strengthening connectivity in various fields, and continue to unleash greater momentum.
(This newspaper, Madrid)
(Yan Huan, reporter from People's Daily)
Report: The number of international students returning home to seek employment reached a new high in 2022-Sinomine.com
Top 10 Job Seeking Students Studying Abroad in 2022 Source: “2022 China Overseas Returnees Employment Survey Report”
China News Network, Beijing, Feb. 11 (Men Rui) The “2022 China Overseas Returnees Employment Survey Report” (hereinafter referred to as the “Report”) recently released shows that the number of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year on year, the number of students returning home to seek employment reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents from Chinese enterprises is also on the rise.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China has increased markedly, and the number of fresh students returning home to seek employment has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year on year, and the number of students returning home to seek employment reached a new high.
Judging from the distribution of study abroad countries for returning to work, the UK accounted for the highest proportion, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the US (9%), which are in line with 2021.
Looking at the year-on-year growth rate, the number of fresh international students from Malaysia, Japan, and Singapore rose sharply year on year in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9%, and 37.7%, respectively.
The number of fresh students from Canada, Germany, the US, and Australia declined year over year.
Source of the supply and demand trend of overseas returnees in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023: “2022 China Overseas Returnee Employment Survey Report”
Research shows that 58% of international students who decide to return home think “domestic life is more convenient,” 40% decide to return home because they “agree more with the domestic cultural environment,” 32% think “there are more domestic employment opportunities,” and 22% think that domestic economic activity will accelerate recovery and that they will be able to obtain more employment opportunities.
The data shows that at present, domestic companies' demand for overseas talents is rapidly releasing, and the demand for talents returning from overseas is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of priority positions for overseas returnees and the number of overseas returnees seeking employment at home both showed an upward trend. The number of priority positions for overseas returnees on February 3 increased by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of job seekers from overseas increased by 27%.
In terms of industry, the number of jobs from the education/training industry accounted for 27.8% of the priority jobs for overseas returnees in 2022, ranking first. The professional services/consulting and internet/e-commerce industries ranked second three with 14.3% and 11.1% respectively.
Source of changes in the number of overseas returnees seeking employment in China in recent years: “2022 China Overseas Returnees Employment Survey Report”
In terms of remuneration, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for overseas returnees has been rising for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month (RMB, same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan over 13,719 yuan/month in 2021, an increase of 7%.
By region, there was an increase in the willingness of overseas returnees to develop in new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier cities and below in 2022. The proportion of deliveries in 2022 was 31%, 15.7%, and 14.3%, respectively, all higher than the delivery ratio in 2021.
Regarding the benefits of studying abroad, 52.7% of overseas returnees said they were basically in line with expectations, up 2.8 percentage points from the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of overseas returnees said they were higher or much higher than expected, which is also higher than 25.4% in 2021.
(end)
Half the cost or more?
Henan Province regulates the price of integrated dental implant medical services-Sinomine.com
CCTV News: Dental implants are an ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of each tooth has always discouraged many patients.
Since this year, with the accelerated implementation of dental implant collection, various regions have also put dental implant price reductions on the agenda.
Starting February 10, the price of a single conventional dental implant medical service in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the cost of the whole process of a single routine dental implant is not higher than 97% of the regulation target.
Dental implants refer to a missing tooth repair method that supports and fixes the upper tooth restoration body based on a lower structure implanted in bone tissue.
The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that, taking a single routine implant as an example, the price from implantation to final restoration is roughly 167,000 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that in my situation it was about 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, which is basically half the savings.
On the basis of current projects, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 dental implant medical service price items, including “implant implants (single tablet),” uniformly formulated prices and medical insurance payment categories for public medical institutions managed by the province, and cancelled or adjusted 20 medical service price items such as dental implant implants.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Prices and Bidding and Procurement Department of the Zhengzhou Municipal Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are medical insurance; medical insurance expenses are less; patients will increase appropriately when the pressure on hospitals is less; suppliers get a market; for our patients, it is the side that benefits the most; for our patients, the cost of implanting a tooth may have to be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the No. 1 Fast Pioneer City in China and Leading the World-Sinomine.com
China News Network, Feb. 11 - According to the “Shenzhen Gongxin” WeChat account on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the “Shenzhen Fast Pioneer City Construction Action Plan”.
Among them, it is proposed that by the end of 2023, a high-speed, high-capacity, and low-latency super broadband network will be built to achieve the “dual gigabit, full optical network, 1 ms, Internet of Everything” network construction goal, and build the number one high-speed pioneer city in China and the world.
The “Plan” proposes speeding up the upgrading of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of Quanguang Industrial Parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The “Plan” calls for a comprehensive improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and formulate standards for 5G network service quality in Shenzhen, carry out 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve the quality of 5G network services.
Supporting basic telecom enterprises to increase their optimization efforts for 5G networks in key regions and locations, 10,000 new 5G base stations were added throughout the year. The city's average download rate reached 500 Mbps, the uplink rate reached 100 Mbps, the download rate in key regions reached 1000 Mbps, the uplink rate reached 200 Mbps, and the network speed and user experience were greatly improved.
Build a city-grade high-quality wireless LAN.
Formulate public area network (WLAN) service standards, promote WLAN upgrades in densely populated areas and concentrated information consumption demand in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Relying on the “Shenzhen-i-Network” to build a unified certification and supervision platform for public wireless local area networks throughout the city to achieve “one-time authentication, senseless roaming, and intelligent switching”, we support operators to incorporate social self-built APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities into the certification and supervision platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APs will be no less than 20,000.
Furthermore, the “Plan” also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical capacity network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, speed up the construction of key communication network facilities, and enhance Internet application service capabilities.
The “Plan” is clear and collaboratively constructs a connected perception system.
Explore the construction and management model of urban sensing terminals based on the “open source Hongmeng” operating system, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT sensing platforms, and promote network and data interconnection with urban IoT platforms and specialized IoT platforms in various fields.
Deepen the application of IoT sensing in the fields of urban management, livelihood services, public safety, transportation, etc., and expand fixed sensing for urban roads, buildings, public facilities, etc., and mobile sensing collection channels for intelligent connected vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of utility IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-function smart rod application demonstration projects will be built.
The “Plan” also mentions strengthening integrated applications of satellite and terrestrial communications, laying out infrastructure construction for low-altitude networks, and promoting in-depth coverage of offshore 5G networks.
At the same time, we will promote in-depth coverage of offshore 5G networks, build an ecosystem of industrial innovation and development, and support the hosting of top events and events.
(Sino-Singapore Finance)
“New variables” have emerged in the e-commerce industry in China. How can delivery achieve “content is king”?
-.com
China News Network, Feb. 11: “New variables” have emerged in China's e-commerce industry. How can delivery achieve “content is king”?
Sino-Singapore Finance Reporter Xia Bin
“It was too late for us to enter e-commerce, but we realized from the beginning that if we want to stand out from the tens of millions of stores, content is important.
” Fang Fang, a “post-90s” girl from Guangdong, now runs a nutritional food store on Douyin e-commerce, making an offline store with a history of more than 30 years “blossom” online.
Imitating the tunes of old Hong Kong movies with classic Cantonese songs, open @芳芳一人食抖音账号. The beautiful videos are refreshing.
At the Douyin e-commerce “Find Peers · Quality Content Sharing Session” held recently, Fang Fang spoke as a representative of quality creators and introduced her daily creative experiences and experiences.
She said on the scene, “The carefully polished video has garnered a lot of attention from netizens. Many people are interested in our ingredients and want to cook food with them, and sales channels have opened up all of a sudden.
”
Fang Fang relied on the soup cooking video to make more people fall in love with the “taste of old people”. A live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of nutritional ingredients, saving his family's old store that was on the verge of going out of business.
“No content, no e-commerce”. With the continuous development of short video and live e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of live streaming delivery, live broadcast rooms often used low price discounts to attract users, and the price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at the time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal figures such as Liu Yihong and Oriental Selection, as well as many unwell-known experts and merchants that have emerged in vertical segments. They have enhanced long-term business efficiency by continuously creating high-quality content that matches their brand tone.
Gao Yaxuan, head of operation of Douyin E-Commerce Star Author, explained that in the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized content through Douyin e-commerce. Their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total turnover has more than doubled.
“Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving, vibrant author ecosystem.
” Gao Yaxuan said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the “E-commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report”, which analyzed the “new variable” in the current e-commerce industry — the importance of high-quality content — from a data perspective, and used the index to evaluate the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China.
According to the e-commerce industry content ecological health index ranking of the above report, Douyin e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and Jingdong rank in the top five.
According to the report, the e-commerce industry's content ecosystem is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce with content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user original content) are high-quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce implantation, and the stronger the commercial value.
On the scene, Yu Guoming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication at Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Committee, gave an analysis and interpretation of the “Report.”
He said that as far as content value is concerned, the e-commerce industry has now transitioned from “consumption accessibility” to the “consumption quality” stage. High-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the “hard currency” of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and starting point of the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge payments, professional knowledge, and KOLs (key opinion leaders) are beginning to become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content from the perspective of improving the content structure, establish positive content creation and management standards, and achieve a balance between the e-commerce industry's content ecological health system index and dynamics.
The other is that from the perspective of the external ecology, it is necessary to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and value collaboration and co-creation of the external environment.
“The future e-commerce industry also needs more data and artificial intelligence support to predict future development stability; in addition, it provides merchants with a more standardized and healthy growth space, realizes value synergy between enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and co-creates a healthy content ecosystem.
” (complete)
The financing and securities trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will start next week.-Sinomine.com
News from this newspaper (Reporter Sun Jie) Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange released news that with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the financing and securities trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the Beijing Stock Exchange's securities financing transaction authority can accept requests from investors to report financing and securities transactions to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first batch of 56 securities financing stocks was determined using January 31, 2023 as the calculation base date.
The Beijing Stock Exchange said that the list of stocks covered by securities financing and the list of securities that can be used as security deposits will be published through the “Information Disclosure - Securities Finance Information” section of the Beijing Stock Exchange's official website to facilitate investors' inquiries.
Securities financing is an important basic system in the securities market, and it is also a more mature transaction method in the international securities market.
On September 2 of last year, on the occasion of announcing the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange solicited public comments on securities financing and securities lending business.
The launch of securities financing transactions on the Beijing Stock Exchange is an important measure to continue to promote the Beijing Stock Exchange's market system construction, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The securities financing system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting investors' diversified trading needs, promoting market price discovery, and further enhancing market liquidity.
In the next step, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do a good job of safeguarding the financing and securities lending business, enrich trading system tools guided by investors' needs, improve relevant supporting mechanisms, and focus on building a first-class exchange serving innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing, He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech-Sinomine.com
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, Feb. 11 - On February 11, the 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing using a combination of online and offline methods.
Any Lifeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and head of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus of the Bangkok meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and strengthen Sino-Japanese green development cooperation.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of development methods, further promote environmental pollution prevention and control, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon neutralization to peak carbon, collaborate to promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion and growth, and promote ecological priority, intensive conservation, and green and low-carbon development.
China is ready to work with Japan to continue deepening green and low-carbon industry cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and cultural exchanges, and push green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japan's Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasumori Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan-China Economic Association. It included a main forum and 4 sub-forums on improving energy efficiency, intelligent automobile electrification, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the Chinese and Japanese governments, enterprises, and institutions exchanged views.
The Chinese rescue team continues to carry out rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped persons-Sinomine.com
China News Network, Feb. 11 - According to information on the Ministry of Emergency Management's website on the 11th, the Chinese rescue team currently searching and rescuing Turkey dispatched 3 operation detachments and 45 rescue team members to rescue 1 trapped person.
At the same time, 2 search and evaluation teams were dispatched to evaluate and investigate 15 buildings on Vodabash Street.
Up to now, a total of 4 trapped people have been rescued, 5 victims have been located, and vital signs and risk assessments have been carried out on 25 seriously collapsed buildings.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue site, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work.
The rescue team obtains rescue request information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verifies them one by one through various methods such as online inquiries and on-site searches.
The Hong Kong rescue team was briefed on the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings, etc., and jointly carried out a search operation.
Currently, they are jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team. At the same time, 3 team members have been dispatched to work at Regional Rescue Coordination Center No. 5. They have communicated with various teams from Italy, Britain, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, etc., and learned about the rescue work of United Nations rescue organizations and rescue teams from various countries.
The rescue team continues to strengthen safety management and team security, strengthen safety control at rescue sites, strengthen disciplinary requirements for rescue work, and clarify safety precautions in accordance with the principle of “unified command, safety first”.
Continue to operate the rotational duty preparation and guard duty work system to strengthen camp safety management.
Rescue team medical personnel provide medical examination services to team members every day to strengthen medical coverage for key personnel. Currently, all members of the rescue team are in good health and are carrying out camp killings.
Since the establishment of the camp, logistics support team members have set up a total of 26 field tents in 4 categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical cleaning, living accommodation, and kennel, to support more than 30 kits of on-site rescue equipment.
Commentator of Xinhua News Agency: Promoting Chinese-style Modernization is a Systematic Project - Four Discussions Deeply Understanding General Secretary Xi Jinping's Important Speech at the Opening Ceremony of the Seminar on Studying and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the CPC. -Sinoman.com
Xinhua News Agency report of February 11 from Beijing: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - Four discussions on deeply understanding General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party
Commentator of Xinhua News Agency
“Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires an integrated approach, systematic planning, and overall promotion to properly handle a series of major relationships between top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and strategy, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-improvement, and openness to the outside world.
” At the opening ceremony of the seminar for new members of the Central Committee, alternate members and leading cadres at the provincial ministry level to study and implement Xi Jinping's ideology of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the rules of modernization and thoroughly and systematically clarified a series of major relationships that need to be handled in practice, providing us with a scientific methodology for vigorously advancing Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as the economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization. It is related to all aspects of governing the Party, the country, and the military, internal affairs, diplomacy, and national defense. It is necessary not only to do a good job in systematic planning, but also to be brave in reform and innovation to continuously achieve overall progress.
To carry out top-level design, it is necessary to have deep insight into the general development trend of the world, accurately grasp the common wishes of the masses, and thoroughly explore the laws of economic and social development, so that the formulated plans and policy systems reflect the times, grasp regularity, and be creative, so as to achieve integration between near and far, vertical integration, and content coordination.
Advancing Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking. There are also many uncharted fields. It requires bold exploration in practice to promote career development through reform and innovation. We must not carve out a sword or wait for the rabbit.
The strategic issue is a fundamental issue for a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to enhance the forward-looking nature of the strategy, anticipate the future and lead the future with a scientific strategy; it is necessary to enhance the overall nature of the strategy, focus on solving major issues relating to the rise and fall of the cause of the Party and the state and move the whole body; to enhance the stability of the strategy. Once the strategy is formed, it is necessary to persevere for a long time, grasp it to the end, and make good achievements.
It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical unification relationship between strategy and strategy, organically combine the principles of strategy with the flexibility of strategy, be flexible, adapt randomly, make ad hoc decisions, and grasp strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, moving according to the situation, and following the trend.
The Chinese nation is an honest and innovative nation.
To handle the relationship between integrity and innovation, it is necessary not only to protect the origin, roots and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese modernization to ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also place innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize change and seek change, and vigorously promote reform and innovation, continuously shape the new advantages of development energy, and fully stimulate the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation of fairness, and fairness is a strong guarantee of efficiency.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also maintain social fairness more effectively, so as to better balance, promote, and unify efficiency and fairness.
Handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, and continuously achieve development for the people, development depends on the people, and the results of development are shared by the people, so that the achievements of the modernization drive benefit all people more and more fairly.
To advance Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both full of vitality and stability and order.
It is necessary to coordinate the two major issues of development and security, implement the overall national security concept, improve the national security system, enhance the ability to maintain national security, and firmly safeguard the country's regime security, institutional security, ideological security, and security in key areas.
It not only takes more account of security factors in development, enhances national security strength through development, and uses development achievements to consolidate the foundation of national security, but is also good at creating a safe environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously stimulating development vitality, and achieving healthy interaction between high-quality development and a high level of security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only stick to our own path, but also expand our vision of the world, insist on opening up to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must insist on independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, insist on placing the development of the country and nation on the basis of our own strength, and insist on firmly grasping the fate of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
It is necessary to continuously expand a high level of opening-up to the outside world, participate deeply in the division of labor and cooperation in global industries, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space for Chinese-style modernization, share development opportunities in mutual benefit and win-win situation, and create a better future together.
You can only get far by following the path.
Under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core and under the guidance of Xi Jinping's ideology and science of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, let us grasp the rules, give full play to our enthusiasm, initiative, and creativity, properly handle a series of major relationships, work hard on the new journey of comprehensively building a modern socialist country, and continue to open up new horizons of Chinese-style modernization.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese.com) This Friday (February 10), the Biden administration blacklisted 6 Chinese entities suspected of participating in the spy balloon program.
The US Department of Commerce said that these 5 Chinese companies and 1 research institute helped modernize the Chinese military, especially aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
It is difficult for blacklisted companies to obtain US technology exports.
The list is called an “entity list” (entity list), and listed companies will not be able to purchase technology or goods from US suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the US Department of Commerce.
The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., 48th Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to that, the White House said it was considering more extensive measures to “uncover and deal with” China's larger surveillance activities threatening US national security.
The balloon incident triggered further tension between China and the US, and US Secretary of State Brinken cancelled his visit to China.
The US shot down the balloon on February 4. The Chinese government made serious representations to the US Embassy in China, criticizing the US for seriously impacting and damaging the efforts and progress of the two sides to stabilize Sino-US relations.
From existing evidence of the wreckage and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the US government has concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon “has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army” and that it is a supplier approved by the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that China has explained the situation and clarified its position on the accident where a Chinese airship with no people mistakenly entered US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs website, she added that the relevant US congressional resolution was pure political manipulation and hype.
The Chinese side is strongly dissatisfied and resolutely opposed to this.
Matthew Axelrod (Matthew Axelrod), Assistant Secretary of Commerce in charge of export enforcement at the US Department of Commerce, said: “Today's action shows that we have identified and stopped China's joint efforts to use spy balloons. These balloons have violated the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
”
Reuters reports that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was unaware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the US has yet to comment on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© Deutsche Welle 2023 Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recourse and criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese.com) A few days have passed since the earthquakes occurred in Turkey and parts of Syria, and hopes of finding survivors are getting slimmer. However, a family of five rescued on Saturday made search and rescue personnel extremely happy.
According to the Associated Press, in the hardest-hit town of Nurdai in Gaziantep province, this family of five was successfully rescued after being stranded under ruins for more than five days.
Search and rescue personnel first pulled the mother and daughter out of the rubble, then found the father, but he insisted that his son and another daughter be saved first.
When they had all been rescued, there was cheering in the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaras, under severe cold weather conditions, a 16-year-old teenager and a 70-year-old elder were also successfully rescued.
“What day is it today?
” — This teenager, who has been trapped under the rubble for 129 hours, asked the rescuers who rescued him after being brought back to the ground.
A Kahramanmarash man hugs his recently rescued cat
The miraculous successful rescue case brought a glimmer of light to the already hopeless search and rescue work, yet at the same time, the number of victims continued to rise.
Currently, according to official statistics, the earthquake on Monday has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be over 3,500.
Although experts say people can survive for at most a week or more after being trapped in ruins, hopes of finding more survivors have become increasingly slim.
Rescuers are still using thermal imagers to search for signs of life under the rubble.
Meanwhile, the focus of rescue efforts began to shift to helping survivors in desperate need of help.
UN official: A disaster the region has “not seen in 100 years”
UN Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator Martin Griffiths (Martin Griffiths) said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was “the worst disaster in 100 years” in the region.
He also praised Turkey's response in the aftermath of the disaster as “extraordinary.”
He also told Reuters that he hoped the relief would be provided to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but also said that related matters were “not yet clear.”
The United Nations promised to provide an additional $25 million in relief donations to people in the earthquake-stricken areas of Syria.
Earlier this week, the UN announced $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
The Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake ever observed and recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile. The magnitude of the earthquake was 9.5.
Within ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was in ruins.
The massive tsunami triggered after the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, setting off a massive tsunami with waves 25 meters high.
The tsunami affected as far away as Japan and the Philippines.
The number of victims and economic losses caused by disasters of this magnitude cannot be accurately known.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Alaska earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 is a Friday, and it's also Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, USA. The magnitude of the earthquake reached 9.2.
Until 2006, the Alaska earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
At the time of the earthquake, a fault between the Pacific plate and the North American plate broke in Prince William Bay near College Fjord.
The earthquake lasted 3 to 5 minutes in most regions.
Seabed displacement triggered a massive tsunami at a height of 67 meters.
Since that day was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
In the end, 139 people died as a result of this massive earthquake.
Of these, 9 people died directly from the earthquake, while 130 others died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
The Great Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred within 16 hours in Tangshan City and Fengnan County in Hebei Province, China.
The epicenter was 23 km from the ground.
The entire city of Tangshan City's traffic, communications, water supply, and electricity supply was interrupted, and it was instantly razed to the ground.
A strong shock was also felt in the capital Beijing, 140 kilometers away.
According to official statistics, the earthquake killed 242,769 people and seriously injured 16,4851 in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second most fatal earthquake ever recorded in China, after the 1556 Jiajing earthquake.
However, some overseas scientists estimate that at least 650,000 people may have died as a result of the earthquake.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
The Great Indian Ocean Earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers west of Aceh province in Sumatra, Indonesia. The depth of the earthquake was 30 kilometers, and the magnitude of the earthquake was 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a massive tsunami with waves 15 to 30 meters high.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, including Indonesia's Qi province, Gauri and Phuket resorts in Thailand, Sri Lanka, and the Indian state of Tamil.
It was the peak Christmas tourist season at the time, and a large number of tourists and local residents gathered in the affected area. As a result, many travelers enjoying their holidays on the beach and locals working at the seaside were swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, causing many people to disappear from this earthquake.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people have died and disappeared.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Wenchuan earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in the Wenchuan region of Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Seismological Administration, the magnitude of the surface wave of the earthquake reached 8.2, the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the magnitude of the earthquake reached 8.3, and damaged more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, a total of 69,227 people had been killed, 17,923 were missing, 374,643 were injured to varying degrees, 199303,000 people had lost their homes, and the total affected population reached 46,256 million.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the worst casualties since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of every year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day to strengthen public education and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation efforts.
Since then, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools have held earthquake prevention exercises on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to focus on popularizing “earthquake prevention and mitigation” education.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
Haiti Earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred in the Caribbean island nation of Haiti.
The epicenter is located 25 km southwest of Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti. The epicenter is about 13 km from the surface of the earth.
The International Committee of the Red Cross estimates that about 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The number of confirmed deaths announced by the Haitian government is over 200,000.
In some parts of Haiti, as many as 90 per cent of homes were destroyed during the earthquake.
Despite extensive aid and support from the international community, this poor country, which is overpopulated and corrupt, has never recovered from this disaster.
The most devastating earthquake in the world in 60 years
The Great Tohoku Earthquake in Japan (2011)
On 2011/3/11, a large-scale reverse earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the coast of the Tohoku region of Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture. The depth of the earthquake was measured at 24 kilometers, and it triggered a massive tsunami with a maximum elevation of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first earthquake with a magnitude greater than 9 since Japan had observational records.
About 22,000 people died in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was affected by the earthquake and tsunami, and a spill occurred.
The accident was classified as the worst level 7 in the International Nuclear Incident Classification Chart (INES).
As a result of the Fukushima nuclear accident, trace amounts of radioactive substances were measured around the world, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years).
Large amounts of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to UN statistics, currently at least 870,000 people are in urgent need of food in the disaster areas of Turkey and Syria.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people lost their homes due to the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) is calling for $77 million to provide food for victims displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
Currently, the temperature in the disaster area is below zero, and many victims have no shelter.
The Turkish government distributed a large number of hot meals, tents, and blankets, yet it is still difficult for these supplies to reach many people in urgent need of help.
Meanwhile, in Syria, which has been mired in the quagmire of civil war for 12 years, the earthquake worsened the suffering situation of the people.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Programme had provided 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria with food relief.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
© Deutsche Welle 2023 Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recourse and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Notice: The Superintendent Police Department urges the public to beware of fraudulent SMS messages from fake telecommunications companies
Recently, the Superintendent Police Department has received a number of telecom fraud cases. Lawbreakers impersonate the Macao Telecom Company to send fraudulent SMS with a link to the website, using as bait that the points must expire to redeem rewards as soon as possible to trick the owners into logging on to the fake website to redeem them.
The owner entered the credit card information and verification code as instructed, and immediately received a notification from the financial institution that the credit card had an unknown consumption record. It was suspected that the credit card information had been stolen through the above website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above SMS.
The Superintendent Police Department urges the public to be vigilant if they receive similar SMS messages and never log in to the websites contained in the SMS or provide any personal data; if asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, or transaction verification codes, they should be more careful to prevent credit card theft.
Anti-scam tips:
1. Pay more attention to cybersecurity information to raise personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not casually log in to websites of unknown origin and register personal and credit card information on the website to prevent misappropriation;
3. Be wary of fake websites and phishing websites, and always check whether the website URL completely matches the official website;
4. Install anti-virus software for your phone, mobile device, or computer, and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect that you have encountered fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Superintendent Police Department's Anti-Fraud Enquiry Hotline 8800 7777 or the Report Hotline 993 for help.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large Hong Kong delegation visited tourist attractions and facilities in Macau to attract Hong Kong visitors and expand “online travel” between Hong Kong and Macau
The MGTO organized a large-scale Hong Kong study tour of more than 100 people composed of representatives from the tourism department of the Hong Kong Government, the tourism industry and the media to Macau. In addition to working meetings and industry negotiations, representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and media also visited various tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macau in batches to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market while promoting cultural tourism linkages between the two places to jointly expand the “online travel” market between Hong Kong and Macao.
Visit and visit to introduce new ways to travel in Macau
The large-scale study tour of 100 people from Hong Kong government tourism departments, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and Hong Kong and Macau cross-border transport operators, and about 30 journalists, travel social media, online media representatives and bloggers/influencers from travel magazines and newspapers respectively visited Macau to learn about Macau's latest tourism resources. The Hong Kong industry and media brought new ways to travel in Macau to Hong Kong residents and even visitors to Hong Kong. Taking advantage of Hong Kong's transportation hub, the Hong Kong industry and media brought new ways of traveling in Macau to Hong Kong residents and visitors to Hong Kong.
A tight two-day itinerary to find business opportunities and increase publicity
The delegation visited the World Heritage Site “Historic Centre of Macau” in groups over the past two days, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, the “Time and Space Shuttle: Journey to the Three Buses” — Sanba Arch Immersive Digital Experience Exhibition, Aupinhuai, the Old Town of Taipa, and many major resort hotels and facilities: Shanghai, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, MGM, Morpeth, Macau Londoners, the Galaxy of Dreams, the ArteLli Multidimensional Art Space in the New World of Dreams, and the Supernatural TeamTeamTeam of Macau's Venice etc.
By visiting Macau's tourist facilities and experiencing the “Travel+” elements of Macau firsthand, the members of the delegation shared Macao tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrated the promotion and sale of the latest Macao tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong travelers to expand “online travel” between Hong Kong and Macau
Taking advantage of the resumption of customs clearance, the MGTO has launched a publicity campaign for the Hong Kong market and launched various promotions, including the introduction of travel ticket discounts to and from Hong Kong and Macau, and advertising with a brand-new promotional video on online and offline platforms.
Following the invitation of Hong Kong travel industry leaders to Macao for exchanges and visits and Hong Kong influencers to experience Macau's “travel +” firsthand, this time the Hong Kong travel industry and media representatives have once again organized a visit to Macao to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and spend in Australia. The two local industries are also negotiating to join hands to expand the “online travel” market between Hong Kong and Macao to jointly expand the mainland and overseas markets, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both places.
Xi Jinping wrote back encouraging members of the Chinese medical aid team to use kindness and benevolence to benefit the local people and tell Chinese stories well through practical actions - Scrolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping wrote back encouraging the members of the Chinese medical aid team to use kindness and benevolence to benefit the local people and tell the Chinese story well through practical actions
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua] [Editor: Li Xufeng] Font: [Big Medium Small]
Xinhua News Agency report of February 10 from Beijing - General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, State President and Chairman of the Central Military Commission Xi Jinping wrote back to the 19th batch of Chinese medical team members assisting the Central African Republic on February 9, extending greetings and earnest expectations to them and the vast number of foreign aid medical team members.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome difficulties in work and life in Central Africa and serve the local people with heart. They are not only angels in white who save the dead and help the wounded, but also friendly messengers conveying friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of the Chinese medical aid team. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who have carried out medical aid missions with foreign countries.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and value life, and that medical aid to foreign countries is a vivid expression.
I hope you will not forget your original intentions, keep your mission in mind, vigorously promote the spirit of the Chinese medical team that is unafraid of hardship, willing to give, save the dead and help the wounded, and love the borderless, benefit the local people with kindness and kindness, tell the Chinese story well with practical actions, and make greater contributions to building a community of human health.
Medical aid to foreign countries is an important part of our foreign aid work.
In 1963, our country dispatched its first external medical support team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, 30,000 medical team members have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, America, Europe and Oceania, and 290 million patients have been diagnosed and treated, winning wide praise from the international community.
Currently, foreign aid medical teams work at 115 medical sites in 56 countries around the world, of which nearly half are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of medical aid teams to China and China wrote to General Secretary Xi Jinping to report on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party and providing medical services to the local people, and expressed their determination to contribute to the building of a human health community.
New members of the Central Committee, alternate members and leading cadres at the provincial ministry level graduate from the seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping's ideology of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party - Scrolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng Online
New members of the Central Committee, alternate members and leading cadres at the provincial ministry level graduated from the seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping's ideology of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua] [Editor: Li Xufeng] Font: [Big Medium Small]
BEIJING, Feb. 10, Xinhua - New members of the Central Committee, alternate members and leading provincial ministry cadres graduated from the seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping's ideology of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party at the Central Party School (National School of Administration) on the afternoon of the 10th. Cai Qi, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the graduation ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that it is necessary to thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the “two establishments”, resolutely carry out the “two maintenance”, strengthen our abilities, really work hard, solidly push forward all aspects of Chinese-style modernization, and create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and people in comprehensively advancing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all participants were guided by Xi Jinping's ideology of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, carefully studied the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party and General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, strengthened their confidence and determination to comprehensively advance the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese modernization under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to perform their duties with due diligence, work well, and ensure a good start to the new journey in the new era.
At the graduation ceremony, 10 seminar delegates spoke and shared their learning gains.
Cai Qi said that studying and implementing Xi Jinping's ideology of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party is not only a top political task at present and in the coming period, but also a long-term strategic task. In accordance with the requirements of “comprehensive study, comprehensive grasp, and comprehensive implementation,” it is necessary to push the study and implementation work to continue to go deep, factual, and to the heart.
We must have a deeper understanding of the decisive significance of the “two establishment”, resolutely uphold the central position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, maintain the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralize unified leadership, continuously improve our political judgment, political understanding, and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core in ideological and political actions.
We must work hard to master Marxist theory, which is the masterful ability of Marxist theory, consciously arm our minds with the Party's innovative theories, guide practice, and promote work, and work hard in depth study, careful study, and practice, and truly learn firm beliefs, learn absolute loyalty, and learn responsibility for our mission.
We must work hard to implement the decisions and arrangements of the 20th National Congress of the Party, solidly push forward Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, throw down our bodies and be a good “construction captain,” and turn the blueprint into reality step by step.
We must keep in mind that comprehensive and strict government of the Party is always on the way, that the Party's self-revolution is always on the way, tighten and consolidate the political responsibilities of comprehensively and strictly governing the Party, take the Party's political construction as the lead, and further advance the new great project of Party building in the new era.
It is necessary to strengthen the ability to promote high-quality development, serve the masses, prevent and mitigate risks, promote the style of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, and Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony. Chen Xi presided over the graduation ceremony.
The stock price of the parent company of Google's AI chatbot “answered the wrong question” evaporated by 100 billion US dollars
(Comprehensive report from the 11th)
Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot, Bard, was at a disadvantage. It “answered the wrong question” in the promotional video, causing the stock price of Google's parent company Alphabet to plummet 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, and the market capitalization evaporated by 110 billion US dollars (about RM476.5 billion). As of Friday's market closing report was 94.57 US dollars.
The market is worried that Alphabet will fall short of rival Microsoft.
According to the “Reuters” report, Google posted a promotional video for the AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier. In the video, someone asked Bard: “Can I tell my 9-year-old child what new discoveries about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) have been discovered?
” In response, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first picture of a planet outside our solar system.
However, according to NASA data, the first picture of a planet outside the solar system was taken by the European Southern Observatory's “Very Large Telescope” in 2004.
“Reuters” also reported on the title “Alphabet's stock price plummeted after Bard gave a wrong answer.”
On the other hand, Google notes that Bard's response “highlights the importance of a rigorous testing process” and will combine external feedback with his own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response “meets high standards based on quality, security, and real information.”
Singapore's tourism industry is recovering strongly, and the number of inbound visitors increased 19 times over 2021
(Comprehensive report of the 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it expects the number of international visitors to Singapore to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, bringing in about 18 billion to 21 billion Singapore dollars in tourism revenue; the number of visitors and tourism revenue will return to the level of about 67% to 75% before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019; and there is a high possibility that the tourism industry will fully recover in 2024.
The Singapore travel market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of inbound visitors in 2022 increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million, surpassing the MGTO's earlier estimate of 4 million to 6 million, and visitors have recovered to the level of 33% before the pandemic.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled S$8.96 billion. It is estimated that tourism revenue for the full year of 2022 will reach S$13.8 billion to S$14.3 billion, an increase of 6 to 7 times over S$1.89 billion in 2021. It has returned to the level of about 50% to 52% before the COVID-19 pandemic in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken a number of measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced an allocation of nearly S$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The MGTO announced a few days ago that it plans to allocate S$110 million from this budget over the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract travelers back.
In order to make health and wellness one of Singapore's tourist highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board announced a call for intentions on November 23, 2022, planning to develop a health and wellness attraction on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, Executive Director of Sports and Wellness Tourism of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have placed physical health at the top of all considerations.
The development of a health and wellness attraction in the Binhai South Area, which has Gardens by the Bay and the Waterfront Embankment, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, allowing visitors to spend and stay in Singapore longer.
Singapore Tourism Board Director Chan Kin-lung said that in the next few years, health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore's tourism products.
The COVID-19 pandemic has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Board has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists for the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board hosted the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing the public with more than 130 health activities and experiences of all kinds.
Singapore will continue to provide visitors with new travel experiences.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, Avatar World at Gardens by the Bay, Sentosa Central Beach Market, the Sentosa Central Beach Market, and the new “Exploring New Frontiers” exhibition hall at the Art and Science Museum, the MGTO will support the development and renewal of projects such as Wantai Wildlife World's Bird Park, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will set relevant industry standards for conferences, exhibitions and incentives for the sustainable development of the tourism industry within 2023, and focus on improving the two major issues of waste treatment and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
According to the data, as of December 18, 2022, passenger traffic at Changi Airport has recovered strongly. It has received 150,000 passengers every day, about 1 million passengers per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of what it was before the COVID-19 pandemic. The number of employees working in the aviation industry has also returned to about 90% of the pre-pandemic level.
According to the data, from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million visitors, equivalent to 42% before the COVID-19 pandemic. The number of flights taking off and landing was 170,000, which is 53% of what it was before the pandemic.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the pace of recovery in industries such as accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping.
The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Ke Shudan, Assistant Director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that according to a survey by a Chinese travel platform, Singapore's safety index ranks in the top three in the world. This is also one of the reasons why Singapore is loved by Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, China traveled to Singapore every year for about 3.6 million vacations.
As China relaxes its border policy, the number of Chinese tourists is expected to return to 30% to 60% of 2019 this year.
Ko Shudan pointed out that next, the MGTO will pay close attention to further signals released by China regarding outbound travel policies to cope with changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to welcome Chinese tourists in response to the new trends emerging in travel outside of China.
Looking ahead to the 2023 travel market, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that as long as there is no significant recession in the global economy affecting public revenue and there are no new large-scale fatal outbreaks, the pace of tourism recovery will be faster than expected.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interacted with his close wife were snubbed
(General report of 11th) On the evening of the 8th, North Korea held a military parade for the 75th anniversary of Army Day. Kim Ju-ae, the daughter of leader Kim Jong-un, not only attended, but also stood on the podium with her father.
North Korea's official media released a video on the 9th. Kim Ju-ae snuggled up to her father, looked at her father warmly and whispered several times. She patted her father's cheek with her hands and even touched her father's chest. The interactive footage of the father and daughter was broadcast all over the country.
However, the first lady Li Xuezhu was only able to back off.
According to reports from South Korea's “North Korea News” and other reports, in the official group photo of Kim Jong-un and Lee Seok-joo attending the dinner on the 7th with their daughter Kim Joo Ae, Kim Joo Ae not only rarely sits in C position in the middle of her parents; at the military parade on the 75th anniversary of Army Day the next night, she also appeared on the podium with Kim Jong-un.
The North Korean official media “North Korea Central Television” later released a military parade video, which revealed more images of the father and daughter being affectionate.
Kim Jong-un confronted her daughter several times on the podium. The smiles on their faces never went back. They also kept quiet messages in each other's ears. At one point, Kim Joo-ae picked up her dad's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un also responded with a big smile.
Other official media footage also showed that when Kim Joo Ae and Kim Jong-un were sitting on an indoor sofa chair, they constantly touched her father's face with her hands; while she walked hand in hand with her father, she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hands.
However, the first lady, Li Xuezhu, can only walk or sit on the side the whole time; she is always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that since Kim Joo Ae first made a public appearance on November 18 last year to test the Mars 17 missile, the exposure rate has been getting higher and higher over the past 3 months, and it is now the 5th time she has appeared on the official scene.
North Korea's official media mentioned that Kim Joo Ae used the dearest child and honorable child of Kim Joo Ae in the stands, and also broadcast a clip of Kim Joo Ai repeatedly shouting and swearing to death to support the Baekdu lineage while watching the military parade in the stands.
These signs have made outsiders doubt whether Kim Joo-ae has been internally designated as the heir to the Kim administration. The “Washington Post” analyzed that “this is a sign that Kim Jong-un has promoted her middle school daughter to the position of successor,” but there are also opinions that it is still too early to make such a judgment. In a situation where Kim Jong-un has a son under her, all possibilities are still open.
Chongyang Q&A | How do you view the US non-farm payrolls data for January exceeding expectations and future trends - Economic Watch － A professional financial news website
Q: May I ask Chongyang Investment, what do you think of the US non-farm payrolls data for January exceeding expectations and future trends?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released non-farm payrolls data for January 2023, adding 517,000 new non-farm payrolls, significantly higher than market expectations of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest level in nearly 50 years; hourly wages grew 4.4% year on year and 0.3% month on month, a slight slowdown.
In terms of total volume, there are many one-time and technical disturbances in this data, such as faculty and staff on strike and returning to work, revisions to survey statistics, and updates to seasonal factors. There may be future revisions (see the addition of 504,000 non-farmers in January 2022, downgraded from 504,000 to 364,000 people). Non-farm payrolls may not be as strong as reflected in the data.
From a structural point of view, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the share is relatively low; new jobs in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care have rebounded sharply, and data shows that there is still a labor gap in the service industry.
Combined with the service sector PMI that far exceeded expectations, the recovery in job vacancies and labor gap data, and the strength of consumer credit data, we judge that the US service sector ushered in a rapid recovery after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that it is difficult to improve tight supply and demand in the US job market without going through a recession.
Currently, there is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the US labor market, and the labor participation rate is rising slowly. In particular, the labor participation rate of 25-54 year olds is already close to the high before the epidemic.
In addition to this, strong consumer demand will further delay the impact of austerity policies on the job market due to excess savings of American residents and strong consumer credit.
Continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will be the undertone of the US economy in 2023.
The superposition is now nearing the end of interest rate hikes, and inflation expectations are repeated over and over again. We are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to the release of this data, the expectations of the US stock and bond foreign exchange market on the Fed's interest rate hike path were too optimistic.
As inflation data continues to improve, while shortening the pace of interest rate hikes, the Fed continues to maintain the weak balance of market inflation expectations. However, the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed's hawkish statement. It not only expects an early cessation of interest rate hikes, but also expects two interest rate cuts at the end of the year.
In a situation where supply and demand in the labor market are tight and the impact of austerity policies is unclear, we believe that the Fed's guidance on raising interest rates at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and that adjustments to extreme market expectations and the congestion of transactions may cause some damage to the market.
Despite this, the stubbornness of the wage growth rate is difficult to reverse the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With the year-on-year negative M2 data and the gradual improvement of leading indicators in various CPI segments, the US CPI data has moved to a stage of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of the wage growth rate will only underpin future inflation data. Current market expectations are difficult to falsify, and the market may enter a new round of the game after the next inflation data is released.
Zheng Yonggang, founder of Shanshan, passed away due to a sudden heart disease and led the transformation of the first line of clothing in China - Economic Watch － A professional financial news website
On February 11, Zheng Jixin, a reporter from the Economic Watch Network, published an obituary on the WeChat account of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shanshan Holdings”). Zheng Yonggang, founder of Shanshan Enterprise and chairman of the board of directors of Shanshan Holdings, died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65 due to ineffective treatment for a sudden heart disease.
In the 80s of the last century, Zheng Yonggang was the factory manager of a state-owned cotton spinning factory. Following his transfer, Zheng Yonggang became the factory manager of Ningbo Yungang Garment Factory, the predecessor of Shanshan Co., Ltd. in 1989.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Conference of Chinese Business Leaders and the 22nd Annual Conference of Chinese Business Future Stars, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 90s of the last century, the market share of the Shanshan brand was as high as 37 percent.
In 1996, Shanshan Co., Ltd. (600884.SH) went public, becoming the first listed company in the Chinese garment industry.
Just when the clothing business was in full swing, the Shanshan Group began to transform because Zheng Yonggang realized, “Once the market is liberalized, Chinese brands will naturally form an echelon brand market. Shanshan Western clothing has always dominated the style, and it is unlikely that it will become the national uniform of the Chinese people for a long time.”
In 1999, Shan Shan began studying enterprise transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to find out exactly what to do with the transformation. We specifically sought out many experts and scholars, and held continuous meetings and seminars.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials; the other is that big health has a future”.
After the strategic direction was determined, Shanshan began to seek cooperation. At that time, the Carbon Research Institute supporting Angang Steel of the Anshan Thermal Energy Institute was working on the national 863 project, and research funding was insufficient, so Shan Shan signed a cooperation agreement with the Anshan Thermal Energy Institute to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 “intermediate phase carbon microsphere” project, engage in R&D, production and sales of anode materials, and achieve commercial promotion of anode materials domestically.
In 2001, Shanshan Co., Ltd. achieved large-scale production of intermediate-phase carbon microspheres and began localized replacement, replacing Japan as the main domestic supplier of intermediate-phase carbon microspheres.
This is the first lithium ion battery anode material manufacturer in China, and has achieved localization of lithium ion battery anode materials.
With the rapid spread of the application of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Shanshan Co., Ltd. began to gradually develop. In 2007, the lithium battery materials business was included as the main business of Shanshan Co., Ltd., and the revenue share of the clothing business declined year by year. Until 2013, Shanshan Co., Ltd.'s lithium battery materials business revenue completely surpassed the clothing business.
In February 2021, Sugisan Co., Ltd. successfully acquired LG Chemical's polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established the polarizer company Sugikin Optoelectronics. The technical content in this field is relatively high. Sugisan's main competitors are the world's top 500 competitors, such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical, and Nitto Denko.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his post-investment management experience, “Chinese private enterprises acquire some international high-tech enterprises, and the probability of success is relatively low. Why did those acquisitions fail?
Because everyone thinks about it, I've spent so much money, so I have to send someone to manage it.” But Zheng Yonggang is different. On the day Shanshan's acquisition was successful, Zheng Yonggang went to Shanjin Optoelectronics to publicly announce that Shanshan, as Shanjin's majority shareholder, decided to implement one enterprise, two systems. Except for Zheng Yonggang as the chairman, the people of Shanshan Enterprise did not send Shanjin. The original distribution system, corporate culture, and various management models remained unchanged.
According to the 2022 negative electrode data released by ICC Xinyi Information, Shanshan anode's shipments in 2022 exceeded 200,000 tons, an increase of 100 percent over the previous year, a market share of 16 percent, and the shipment volume of artificial graphite anode materials topped the list.
In terms of the polarizer business, Yano Research statistics show that Sugikin Optoelectronics, a subsidiary of the company, has a global market share of 29% in 2022, and is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshan Co., Ltd. had revenue of 15.841 billion yuan and net profit of 2,313 billion yuan. On February 10, the stock price of Shanshan Co., Ltd. was 19.24 yuan/share, with a total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Shanshan Co., Ltd. said on an interactive platform that at the end of 2022, the company's effective graphite production capacity was about 100,000 tons, and the graphite production capacity of the Meishan project was still climbing.
According to Wande, Zheng Yonggang is currently still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshan Co., Ltd.
According to the Tianyan survey, Zheng Yonggang holds 40.1 percent of the total shares of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd.
The general manager of Shanshan Co., Ltd. is Li Zhihua, born in 1968. He has served as the chairman of Dongguan Shanshan Battery Material Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and the deputy general manager of Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd.
On February 10, Shanshan Co., Ltd. stated on the investor interactive platform that the company's senior management has no family relationship with the actual controller of the company.
“Fund E Account” is here: the Securities Regulatory Commission authorizes the development of all funds under investors' names to collect and search - Economic Watch － A professional financial news website
Economic Watch Network reporter Chen Shan has complicated fund purchase channels, making it difficult to collect account information?
Always forget the “little treasury”?
The problems of the citizens of the community are about to be solved.
On February 10, the Securities Regulatory Commission announced that the “Fund E Account” app was launched on various mobile app stores and launched a public trial run.
According to the introduction, “Fund E Account” provides individual investors with a “one-stop” inquiry service for public fund account and share information. The aim is to solve industry service pain points such as the vast majority of small to medium investors forgetting accounts and making complicated inquiries.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were 156 public fund managers in China, with a fund management scale of about 26 trillion yuan; 167 public fund share registration agencies and 411 public fund sales agencies.
The account systems of each share registration agency are independent of each other, and there is no unified search channel for the industry.
Some people in the industry said that at the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China. In other words, half of the people in the country invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check the purchase situation through different sales agencies, but they could check the purchase situation through all sales channels through the “Fund E Account”, so the status of fund holdings was clear at a glance.
What is the “Fund E Account” app?
According to relevant documents, the “Fund E Account” app is a public fund industry portal mobile application developed and built by China Settlement with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with a one-stop inquiry on OTC share holdings of public fund products throughout the market.
Through the “Fund E Account”, investors can easily and quickly grasp the OTC share of public fund products owned by various fund managers purchased through various sales channels throughout the market, improving overall inquiry efficiency.
Specifically, information that investors can find through “fund E accounts” includes fund account information opened by various public fund managers throughout the market, transaction account information opened by public fund sales agencies, and OTC share holdings of products including publicly raised securities investment funds and pooled asset management plans where the number of investors established and managed by securities companies is not limited to 200 people.
Liu Yiqian, head of business at the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told the reporter of the Economic Watch Network that investors can use the “Fund E Account” app to know all of their OTC public fund holdings in one stop to help them recover “forgotten assets”. More importantly, it has collected full account information on the investment status of comprehensive funds for customers, helping customers to better grasp their investment situation in a timely, accurate and complete manner, so as to better optimize their own fund portfolio allocations and better plan their own financial arrangements.
How do I sign up for use?
The reporter noticed that currently, the “Fund E Account” app has been launched on mobile app stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, and vivo, but the app is still in the public trial stage. Registration requires filling in an invitation code. Investors can obtain it by contacting the fund manager of the fund they hold.
The customer service staff of a medium to large public fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to the reporter of the Economic Watch Network and told the reporter, “During the trial operation of the app, China Settlement provided each fund manager with a certain number of invitation codes. Investors called to obtain them, and we would all provide them.
Once the trial run is over, there is no need for an invitation code to open user registration.
”
The reporter registered the account and completed the inquiry according to the relevant documents of the “Fund E Account” download and usage instructions published on the official website of the Securities Regulatory Commission. The entire process only took a few minutes. It was mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, and public fund inquiries.
After passing the real-name authentication step, click the “Asset” fund binding button. All fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms are displayed in the binding options list (can be bound to accounts). After completing the binding, you can visually see the total assets of the invested funds and start using the search function.
It is worth noting that the “Fund E Account” only provides inquiry services for investors, and cannot conduct redemption transactions.
The data date displayed on the “Fund E Account” is generally pushed forward three trading days from the date the user made an inquiry (T-day).
For example, if you open a “Fund E Account” on February 10, the dates corresponding to total assets, fund shares, and fund net worth displayed on the asset page are pushed forward three trading days from that date, that is, February 7.
Copyright Notice: The above content is an original work of the “Economic Observer”. The copyright belongs to the “Economic Observer”.
Reprinting or mirroring without authorization from the Economic Observer is strictly prohibited; otherwise, the relevant actors will be prosecuted for their legal responsibility in accordance with the law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
Combating the CCP, the US, Japan, and the Philippines reached a defense agreement
ASIA — On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos (Bongbong Marcos) visited Japan for talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's invasion of the South China Sea and the East China Sea. After the meeting, Philippine and Japanese leaders issued a joint statement stating that they would sign a trilateral defense agreement with the US to conduct substantive defense exchanges and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policy.
According to Japanese media, Fumio Kishida hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to deal with the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcos Jr., visited China at the beginning of January this year and obtained an agreement worth 20 billion US dollars.
However, since then, Sino-Philippine relations have not only not improved; on the contrary, they have declined.
At the beginning of this month, the Philippines and the US signed an agreement to open more bases for the US military to ensure the security of the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers from Taiwan and is also the closest location to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations at bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia, and even the Philippines are now forming an axis with the US to build an “arc of confrontation with the CCP” in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Liyan conveys Song Tao's words during her visit: Green Camp is welcome to the mainland under the 1992 consensus
Xia Liyan, vice-chairman of Taiwan's Chinese Kuomintang, met with Song Tao, head of the Taiwan Affairs Office of China, and Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee during her current visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the Kuomintang's official agency, the State Administration Foundation, was interviewed by Taiwan's Central News Agency last night to positively evaluate what Song Tao said to Xia Liyan. As long as they agree with the “1992 Consensus” and anti-Taiwan independence, China welcomes members of the Green Camp to the mainland.
The Kuomintang side's assessment is that it is a new thing.
There was no mention of this statement in the news of the day Xia Liyan met Song Tao earlier.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party has made it clear over the past few days that it rejects the “1992 consensus.”
According to the Central News Agency today, Kuomintang Vice Chairman Xia Liyan led a delegation to the mainland. While in Beijing, they met separately with Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Song Tao, the newly appointed director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, and Yin Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee.
In her meeting with Song Tao, Xia Liyan talked about the “1992 Consensus” and anti-Taiwan independence, while Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the Kuomintang State Administration Foundation, said during the meeting that the Kuomintang's “1992 Consensus” was the original “1992 Consensus.”
According to Zhao Chunshan's analysis, this is different from the previous meetings he has attended.
The recent video discussions with mainland academics, and this discussion, did not hear Taiwan-related scholars talk about military unification and the “anti-secession law.” Instead, they resumed exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that soldiers on both sides of the Strait are in danger of fighting, and mainland China hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the People's Communist Party, the other side is still willing to do a good job with the Taiwanese people, which means they don't want cross-strait relations to be ruined.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally gave instructions to Song Tao, saying, “You must implement the demands made by them (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen).” If a comprehensive settlement is not possible, they must also be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the Kuomintang people visiting the mainland directly mentioned the daily turbulence of Chinese military aircraft and warships, agricultural and fishing issues in Taiwan's few counties and cities, and whether the Central News Agency reporter asked such questions during interviews.
The Legal Trade Union once again mobilizes a parade of anti-government retirement reform plans
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions once again launched a nationwide mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on the public to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action against the current social trend against the government's draft pension system reform.
And how many people respond to the call for a rally may affect the trade union groups' next action plan.
This is the fourth time since this month that France's eight major trade union groups have jointly initiated a nationwide mobilization. It is also the first time this protest has scheduled a rally for Saturday.
Given that for most French people, Saturday is a public holiday and they don't have to choose between participating in demonstrations and protests or going on a wage strike, trade union groups therefore hope that today's rally will attract more people to participate.
The bus system, the subway, and the trade unions of the public railway companies did not call for a strike by employees today. The bus system should operate normally. Citizens can go to the meeting place by car. At the same time, in areas where schools have begun winter vacations, people can take normal vacations.
Trade union groups hope that more than 1 million people will attend the rally today, while the police expect that the number of participants nationwide may be between 600,000 and 800,000, and that 90,000 to 120,000 people may gather in downtown Paris.
Since the beginning of this anti-government pension reform protest, although polls show that most French people do not support measures to postpone the statutory retirement age from the current age of 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets to participate in the march has gradually declined.
The first strike demonstration on January 31 attracted 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
However, the number of demonstrators this Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
Opposition parties, particularly opposition parties led by the radical left, submitted numerous proposals for amendments, to the extent that the review process progressed very slowly.
Meanwhile, the dispute between the opposition and the opposition is becoming increasingly intense.
A member of parliament from the radical left-wing French Unyielding Party recently uploaded a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the head of the Minister of Labor printed on it on social media, triggering protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly finally announced a ban on this member of parliament from participating in parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for this kind of behavior.
Although this reform plan has triggered the biggest social trend in France in more than 20 years, until now, although the government has made slight adjustments to the draft, it has not made any major concessions.
The trade unions are already preparing to launch another operation next Thursday, the 16th. On March 7, when the draft reform is submitted to the Senate for discussion, the trade union also plans to organize demonstrations.
China encourages raising fertility rates to colleges and universities to solicit high quality standards of sperm donation
China's Yunnan Provincial Human Sperm Bank issued a campaign on the 9th asking students with college degree or above to donate sperm. Successful donations of 8 to 12 times can receive a subsidy of RMB 4,500.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the news hit Weibo on the same day and triggered follow-up initiatives in Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, and Beijing.
According to a report signed by the Liberty Times, China encourages college students to donate sperm.
Among colleges and universities around the world, Beijing has the highest sperm donation threshold. In addition to academic qualifications, they are also required to be at least 170 centimeters tall, have good facial features, no obvious hair loss, and no degree of myopia higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Provincial Human Sperm Bank pointed out that sperm donors can receive a full set of male medical examinations worth 1,000 yuan. “In particular, semen and chromosome tests. Most people have never done them, which is of great significance in understanding their fertility status.”
The conditions for sperm donors include those with a height of 165 cm or above, college degree or above, no color blindness, color weakness, genetic diseases and infectious diseases such as hepatitis B.
The report quoted China Tianmu News as saying that the Shaanxi Provincial Human Sperm Bank printed a “Paid Sperm Donation, Infinite Honor” promotional poster calling on young people to respond to sperm donation and encouraging netizens to retweet relevant information and “let love pass it on.”
The price code in Shaanxi Province is higher than in Yunnan. Eligible applicants can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who have completed a certain number of sperm donations can receive a subsidy of RMB 5,000.
Currently, Beijing is known to have the highest price code, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last communist prime minister of East Germany died today
The successor to the East German Communist Party reported in a statement from the party, “Hans Modrow (Hans Modrow) left us last night at the age of 95.
As a result, our party lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall that separated East Berlin from West Berlin for 28 years, Modro said he would help turn East Germany into a democracy.
At the time, communist leaders were forced to step down due to protesters from all over East Germany demanding democracy and freedom.
Mikhail Gorbachev (Mikhail Gorbachev) called for changes in Eastern Europe dominated by the Soviet Union after the Soviet Union came to power.
In March 1990, Modro announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
As a result of the election, he ceased to be Prime Minister.
Despite Modro's reforms, opponents accuse him of trying to delay the political changes and unification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reinvent rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modro was convicted of election fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but was not jailed.
Allegations are that these accusations are politically motivated.
Modro continued to serve in the German Parliament from 1990 to 1994, and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modro sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he didn't want the old East Germany to return, but said that East Germany's achievements should be recognized.
Modro was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and was trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a youth fire brigade platoon leader and became a member of the Nazi militia group Volkssturm near the end of the conflict, which recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 to fight in the final struggle of the war.
At age 17, Modro was captured by the Soviet army and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he attended anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he found a job as a mechanic after returning home, continued his studies in social science and economics, and obtained a doctorate degree.
Modelo was a member of the Free German Youth Movement. Almost all young people from East Germany joined the movement and was promoted to the presidency of the Dresden Regional Party through the ruling Social Unionist Party (SED) from 1973 to 1989.
He also served in East Germany's parliament for over 30 years.
In 1990, Modro became the de facto leader of East Germany, holding the highest national position.
Hackers supporting protests commemorating the anniversary of Iran's revolution hacked the president's television speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Lacey's television speech.
The president's live television speech was interrupted on the internet for about a minute, and a group of anti-Iranian government hackers appeared on the screen. Their names were “Edalat Ali (Ali Justice).”
There was also a voice shouting “The Islamic Republic of the Islamic Republic dies.”
According to a Reuters report today, Iran commemorated the anniversary of the revolution, and hackers interrupted coverage on national television.
Iran officially commemorates the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution. Lacey's hardline government faces the boldest challenge posed by the young protesters demanding that they step down, yet Lacey still calls for “deceived youth” to repent so that they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Nationwide protests continue to engulf Iran after Mahsa Amini, 22, died in the custody of the country's ethics police in September.
The deadly crackdown on protests by Iran's security forces is one of the strongest challenges facing the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overthrew the 2,500-year-old monarchy.
As part of an amnesty commemorating the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities released imprisoned dissident Farhad Mesami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adekha on a hunger strike on Friday.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei (Ayatollah Ali Khamenei) issued an amnesty order that included some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors, according to the human rights organization HRANA, according to reports from the human rights organization HRANA.
A further 70 government security personnel have been killed, according to reports.
As many as 19,763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iran's leaders and official media have been calling for a vote at a rally on Saturday to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On the night of the anniversary of Iran's revolution on Friday night, the official media displayed fireworks as part of government-sponsored festivities, with people chanting “Allahu Akbar!
(God is the greatest!)”.
However, many people can also be heard at the rally shouting “The dictator dies!
” and the “death of the Islamic Republic” in a video posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live footage of official rallies in various states across the country.
In Tehran, domestic anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were shown as part of the official festivities.
President Lacey's speeches are often interrupted by the slogan “America dies” — an iconic slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted “Israel dies.”
According to Reuters, Adelkhah, who has been in jail since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the worsening relationship between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison for national security charges in 2020.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she went back to jail.
Adelkhah denied the allegations.
Meanwhile, a week before Mesami was released, supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the mandatory wearing of headscarves.
The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday, calling for the restoration of her freedom “including that she should be allowed to return to France if she wishes.
”
Did the balloon incident polish America's eyes even more?
Strengthening restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a Wall Street Journal report today, after the balloon incident, the US is preparing to further tighten technology exports to China.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and will seek more political support to strengthen US technology protection.
The US said the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior US Central Intelligence Agency official who currently works at the Washington think-tank New American Security Center.
“This certainly added fuel to the fire and supported the views of the hardliners on China.”
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre (Karine Jean-Pierre) told reporters on Thursday, “We will also consider taking broader actions to uncover and respond to China's larger surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and our allies and partners.
US officials said they have informed the governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident, and international coordination is critical to dealing with the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Special Committee on Strategic Competition between the US and the Chinese Communist Party in the US House of Representatives may also pressure the US to take tougher measures to slow China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel more and more pressure to adopt tougher positions, which in turn may force the White House to adopt tougher policies.
According to the Wall Street Journal, many advocates of stricter export controls are also pushing to expand the scope of controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The US government is also developing a foreign investment review plan to examine whether US investment abroad poses a potential national security threat from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls to launch the plan faster.
Earthquake relief in Turkey and Syria day in and day out
Since the earthquake struck Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked hard day and night in the ruins of thousands of destroyed buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.
In the cold temperatures, they often call for silence as they struggle to hear any sound of life from their dilapidated concrete piles.
According to a Reuters report today, two more women were rescued after surviving in the ruins of the earthquake for a few days.
However, the death toll from the earthquake climbed to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey is 20,665, and the death toll in Syria is over 3,500.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that occurred on Monday continued to have several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria. It was the seventh-deadliest natural disaster of this century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan, and close to the death of 31,000 people caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
More than 17,000 people died as a result of a similar earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999.
Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, and rescuers rescued the two women from the rubble of a collapsed building in Turkey.
Another injured 55-year-old man has been identified as Masallah Cicek, rescued from the ruins of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the cold temperatures, rescuers often called for silence as they tried their best to hear any sound of life from the dilapidated concrete heap.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs and whispered “Inshallah” — “God bless” — they carefully stuck their hands into the rubble to rescue a 10-day-old newborn.
He opened his eyes, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video images show that first responders also took his mother. She was dizzy and pale on a stretcher, but she was awake.
Turkey's Vice President Fuat Oktay (Fuat Oktay) told reporters overnight that in the past 24 hours, 67 people had been rescued from the rubble, and a total of 31,000 rescuers were used in the affected areas.
He said that about 80,000 people were being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million were homeless as a result of the earthquake, and they were huddled in temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, people are increasingly questioning the response of the leaders of the two countries to the disaster relief.
According to Syrian state media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad (Bashar al-Assad) went to a hospital in Aleppo (Aleppo) with his wife Asma (Asma). According to reports, this was his first trip to the affected area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said it was running out of stocks in rebel-controlled northwestern Syria due to the state of war complicating rescue efforts.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adiyaman province where he admitted that the government's response was not as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized the issue and attacked Erdogan, who will run for re-election in a vote to be held on May 14, but may be postponed due to the disaster.
According to Reuters, anger over delays in aid delivery and the launch of rescue work may affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, voting was seen as Erdogan's most serious challenge in 20 years in power.
Erdogan called for unity and denounced what he called a “negative campaign for political gain.”
Turkey's main opposition leader Kemal Kiridaroglu criticized the government's reaction.
The critic said, “The earthquake was huge, but what was worse than the earthquake was lack of coordination, lack of planning, and incompetence.
”
Vietnam News Agency, Hanoi — Vietnam News Agency's special correspondent reports that during their visit to Brunei Darussalam, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife visited Brunei Darussalam University (UBD, “University of Brunei” for short) on the morning of February 11.
The University of Brunei is Brunei's largest higher education and scientific research center, ranking third in the region's university rankings.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei in education and training.
The University of Brunei officially established a cooperative relationship with Vietnam's FPT University in July 2013. The main area of cooperation is English language training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, moral education, Japanese, and Korean, the University of Brunei also incorporates Vietnamese into the curriculum.
While visiting the University of Brunei, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife exchanged views with students in the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh is happy that more and more foreigners like to learn the Vietnamese language, thereby making a positive contribution to promoting Vietnamese cultural characteristics and customs to the rest of the world.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching staff at the University of Brunei will grow stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class are increasingly interested in Vietnamese, study hard, be able to use fluent Vietnamese as soon as possible, and become messengers of the friendly and cooperative relationship between Vietnam and the two countries.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also communicated via video with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang City to learn about their studies, particularly during the pandemic.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh believes that the cooperative relationship between Vietnam's FPT University and the University of Brunei, in particular the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the education cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei.
At the same time, I hope that the students at the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and Wenwen.
In discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and leaders of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh spoke highly of the results achieved by the two countries in education cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, and the University of Brunei's initiative to incorporate Vietnamese into the curriculum.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh hopes that the University of Brunei will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expanding the scale of Vietnamese language classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also highly praised the positive results achieved by the cooperation between the two countries based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014. He suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Program (Global Discovery Program) and the Year of Discovery (Year of Discovery).
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh highly appreciates the establishment of the University of Brunei's first branch in Southeast Asia in Vietnam; he believes that the scale of development of the university in the region and the world is getting stronger; and further expanding cooperative relationships with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife planted a memorial tree on the University of Brunei campus and left comments on the memorial book.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh wishes the University of Brunei continued to develop, contribute more and more to education in Brunei, and develop deeper and wider cooperation with various Vietnamese education and training institutions.
(end)
Koshi Tsusha
Vietnam News Agency, Hanoi — Vietnam News Agency's special correspondent reports that Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife's official visits to Singapore and Brunei have been a complete success, with comprehensive, practical and concrete results.
During his three days in Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh participated in more than 30 different events.
The results achieved have injected new impetus into the continuous development of the strategic partnership between Vietnam and New Zealand and the comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Vietnam in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh continued to reaffirm the external line of the Vietnamese Party and country, which is independence, diversification, and change, and is willing to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening the relationship with Singapore and Brunei is the need of their respective countries. They are committed to improving the welfare of their people and to the peace, stability and development of the region and the world.
At various meetings and peace talks, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei all agreed to continuously enhance mutual political trust with Vietnam through the exchange of visits between high-level delegations, the effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms, and various important cooperation agreements.
A number of cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Among them, the “Memorandum of Understanding on the Green and Digital Economy Partnership” signed with Singapore and the “Action Plan to Strengthen the Comprehensive Partnership between Vietnam and the Russian Language for the period 2023-2027” signed with Brunei are two major highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed the “Memorandum of Understanding on a Green and Digital Economy Partnership”.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
While meeting with business leaders, symposiums, or attending economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh emphasized that Vietnam welcomed and created convenient conditions for Singaporean and Bruneian enterprises to expand their investment scope in Vietnam's digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity.
The visit not only helped to deepen cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and civic exchanges, but also created a framework for cooperation among countries in new potential fields such as the digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
King Hassanal Borkiya of Brunei and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter into a bilateral symposium.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During his visits to both countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese community.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh suggested that the authorities of both countries pay more attention and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local community and cultivate relations between the two countries.
The proposal was agreed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Premier Fan Mingzheng also shared his desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community with the leaders of the two countries; they agreed to maintain solidarity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's central role in the complex and changing regional and international situation.
With the important results achieved, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh's official visit to Singapore and Brunei made positive contributions to effectively implementing the external line of the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam which prioritizes strengthening relations with ASEAN neighbors, effectively implementing Conclusion No. 12 (12-KL/TW) of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of Vietnam Central Committee on Vietnam's overseas Chinese affairs work under the new situation, and leveraging the unity of the whole nation.
(end)
What exactly is the “object” that was shot down over Alaska?
Confused and speculated
On Friday afternoon (2/10), the US military once again used America's most advanced stealth fighter F-22 to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska in the US.
The shooting site was ten miles off the Alaskan coast.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down a flying object in the air.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China drifted over US airspace for a few days before being destroyed over the US coast of South Carolina.
The Pentagon said the second object that was shot down first entered US airspace on Thursday night and was tracked by the US military as it moved over northeastern Alaska. It flew at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet). It was about the size of a small car, much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that had been shot down previously.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no indication that this object can be manipulated.
White House National Security Council strategic communications coordinator John Bryant said on Friday that although the exact appearance of this high-altitude object is unclear, it “poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation aircraft.”
Bryant said that unlike the spy balloon discovered in the US, there was no “payload” suspended on it.
Bryant said, “We call it an 'object' the best description we can make right now.”
President Biden listened to the Pentagon's advice before ordering the object to be shot down. He was “very careful” in making this decision, Bryant added.
The US official description of this object can be roughly summed up as the size of a small car, with no joystick, no suspension, and a flight altitude of about 10,000 meters.
However, this information cannot answer basic questions, such as what kind of thing this object actually is, what country it belongs to, and what mission it is carrying out.
Currently, many online analyses and speculations suggest that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It probably came from China just like the spy balloon that invaded US airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America; they carried out some kind of mission at different locations.
There are also people who have linked this “object” in Alaska to a “UFO” (UFO).
The US Newsweek report quoted former US Congressman Peter Meijer (Peter Meijer) on Twitter on Friday as saying, “I really hope this' UFO 'is also a spy balloon, not a legal UFO.”
“The irony of mixing an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth triggering an interstellar clash,” Major said.
Major tweeted this shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said that it was not only Major who suspected that the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Congressman Tim Burchett (Tim Burchett) criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month and asked the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on “UFOs.”
Amazon's customer service attitude is hard to believe
I don't think many people have seen this place, but I'd like to talk a little bit about it.
This dress was a zippered hoodie when we bought it, and it was actually a short-sleeved dress for me at the end.
As soon as I received the clothes, I got in touch with Amazon customer service. It was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock at the time. I asked for a replacement. The customer service said they would fix it, then I immediately saw that the product name had changed to short sleeve. It turned out that the link I had bought was removed from the shelves.
The customer service then told them to either keep the item in compensation for a certain amount or return the item.
Is this how Amazon handles it?
It's really unbelievable. The wrong clothing itself wasn't my problem. As a consumer, I asked for the products I should get, and I didn't make any exaggerated claims, but Amazon changed the name and said it was out of stock.
This is my first long review and hopefully it won't be my last.
Incomprehensible sleeves
Speaking of cowhide, it's really hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks in the area, so it's hard to tell if it's genuine. Also, the sleeves of this dress are really incomprehensible. Normally, the sleeves of a jacket are a bit longer than the hem, but usually it's only 1-2 cm. This dress is 5 cm long, so the arms should naturally hang down at the base of the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this dress all cover the fingers.
Buying clothes is easy, and so is returning them.
But I really don't know when to get my money back?
The garment was made very well, I had to return it because the fit was too small, but it's been over a week since I returned it, and I haven't received a refund yet?
Also, the buyer must contact Quanfeng Express, which is not very honest. This is the worst shopping since buying an Amazon item!
However, the store is pretty good. They are actively cooperating with the courier to urge the courier to refund the money in a timely manner, but the actual work of Quanfeng Express is quite infuriating. It delays the refund for about half a month. This kind of partner wants to drag Amazon back. The work efficiency is poor, and there is no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
Killed in 99 seconds.
The sweater has good workmanship, color, and feel, soft/thin, and has no kerosene smell.
Unfortunately, the version is slim and is more suitable for young people.
3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5, maximum stretch size 4 feet. 1.79/80 kg is a bit tight when worn at 1.79/80 kg.
There doesn't seem to be an elastic band around the waist, so it's quite difficult to loosen the waistline.
Also, it's not comfortable to wear close.
Very good, the color is not very bright
Just bought it and it went up more than 200. What kind of situation is this.
The first time I used Amazon's partner Tiantian Express, it wasn't at home for the first time. Later, I took the initiative to schedule two delivery times with the courier. The courier didn't deliver it, but later returned it directly to me. This damn courier didn't have any integrity, and I strongly recommend not to use the Tiantian Express anymore.
Another t-shirt was also returned to me this time, and the price went up by more than 100 yuan even after shooting again.
Amazon is self-operated and this kind of product should not appear
I bought it when the product was on sale. The price is not low, and it's also a great product to read reviews.
I was dumbfounded when I actually received the product. The surface of the product had extensive wear and tear, and there were many other areas of wear and tear. It was either defective or used, as pictured later.
I requested a return. After seeing the picture, the manufacturer said it was due to shipping. Isn't that nonsense?
How can the inside of the product wear out?
There are only two possibilities: either the defective product is used, or I intentionally damaged the item and then took it back and returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I didn't damage the product, but in terms of my Amazon shopping credit history, I don't think this kind of product should appear in Amazon's own products. Customers choose Amazon's own management is trust. Customer win, we win. The customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory. I hope everyone works together to improve it, thank you.
I've been using this product for less than a year and have had two E2s, I don't know what to do with them?
I bought this product on July 30, 2015, but red E2 often appeared on the right side of the receiver in March 2016. There must be a problem with the transmitter module. This is probably not in line with the transmitter module described on the Amazon website. I can't find any after-sales service on the Amazon website. Now I don't know what to do?
Is it OK
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn off, and the label on the fuselage was also broken.
And it's always a white screen.
It will be fine after the replacement.
The replacement was very quick. It's a bit blurry at night. The field of view isn't very broad, but it's enough for normal household use.
The downside is that I don't have a card; I bought one myself, and I've bought a cell phone on Amazon before.
There will be a sticker on the package to prevent the package from being opened. Not this time. When I bought the phone, there was also a sticker like a sticker, which can be attached to the warranty card, but not this time.
I don't know if the stuff is cheap, so I'm very confused.
Waiting for a response from the supplier
There was no logo on the package. I called the supplier directly and said that the answer was that the product was genuine. If I suspected that I could use scraps to mail it to Johnson & Johnson for inspection, and also left my license plate number and phone number, promising that I would send a text message to enter my information into the Johnson & Johnson warranty card. Haven't I received a text message until now?
The engine oil was received in the morning and replaced in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own products are still very reassuring.
The master who changed the oil said the oil was bright; it was indeed a good oil.
Because it's the second time I've bought it.
So it's still very reassuring.
The express delivery was fast, and there were no impeccable packaging. After using this oil, the engine sound dropped significantly.
The cost performance ratio is good; it's hard to find synthetic engine oil under 200.
Support the Crown of Stars, support winning cards, and effectively protect the car.
Buyers' interests have been seriously damaged by Amazon Japan due to customer service issues (8c caterpillars are shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
It admits mistakes, but continues to push back, always emphasizes that the goods are third parties and that third parties cannot be bound.
Order ID: 503-4265464-1830254.
The page size options I originally purchased were 7c, 8,9c. At the time, I thought this was a trap. I called Japanese and Asian Chinese customer service and made it clear that 8 was 8c, but I only discovered it when the product came back to China. It was only 8cm. I think this was entirely a deliberate trap to trick Chinese people (according to Amazon's after-sales service), but I don't have this option to view the page now.
Chinese customer service: I'm very sorry for the loss caused to you. We will give you two paths:
1. You return the item and the buyer is responsible for all shipping costs.
2. If you don't return the item, we will reimburse you 1,000 yen.
(Let me do the math. The shoes are over 4,000 yen, calculated as 200rmb. Option 1, I don't have shoes, and I lost 200 yuan.
Option 2. I have shoes. In the end, I was compensated 2,000 yen, and the final loss was 150RMB customer service: We have recorded it, we will handle it carefully. I replied to an email the next day saying that I would not accept the mediation from the Chinese customer service, and that's it.
I suggested: When the page I bought was a confusing option like 7c, 8, and 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me tell me that commonly used Japanese codes don't include c, similar to 140, but did you go to any other Caterpillar pages to read them?
They all have US sizes, and there is a situation where Japanese sizes are mixed.
Also, why do you put 8cm between 7c and 9c, clearly the smallest size, what do you mean by putting it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese service, but we don't know if you want to ship back home, so we won't pay for your shipping costs.
I don't understand this logic either. I'm Japanese, and I also need Chinese customer service. Chinese people living in Japan don't need Chinese customer service either. Tourists to Japan don't have that effort to play international long distance, so the question is, who needs to call Amazon to buy Chinese phone numbers overseas is nothing more than someone like me.
Isn't Amazon's Chinese customer service just convenient for our Haitao people?
Not very satisfied with this purchase
This is the second time I've bought Pampabao's diapers from Amazon. I bought a box of diapers imported from Europe when my baby was 2 months old and chose paper diapers imported from Europe. I was quite satisfied with my first purchase experience. Babies use a diaper all night long, and it is indeed enough for 12 hours without changing diapers.
However, when I bought L size diapers this time, there were 2 packs separately packed in one box. After opening, I felt that the paper was relatively loose. It was clearly different from imported Pampers. After using them for the baby, it was quite OK. There were no urine loss or signs of redness.
However, when it came to the second pack of diapers, the baby immediately developed a rash on the inside of the thigh after starting to use it, and it hasn't gone away yet.
I doubt the quality of the 2 packs in 1 box is not the same.
I probably won't continue to buy it in the future!
I want to pay attention to the shipping protection of my package
This is the worst package I've seen in shopping online for so long. There are no protective measures at all, no cushioning foam, package buffer material, etc., nothing.
It's just a deformed case.
Also, the soft plastic box inside the card case was squeezed open and pressed to the point where it was deformed.
I hope the quality of the genuine product is guaranteed; I won't dare to buy anything on Amazon in the future.
I'd rather be half as expensive at home and have guaranteed points.
Also, there is a product packaging issue. I read the reviews in 2016 that someone has reviewed it. As of now, 19 years ago, it's still the same.
It shows that Amazon doesn't pay attention to service feedback at all; it's far worse than JD, Tmall, etc. in China.
Nice, but a bit of a pity
I really like the color of the whole cup. It's orange red. Even though I have a baby boy, I still think the orange red with yellow is very bright.
It's a little smaller than I thought, but I used it to take it outside, so it's acceptable.
I took it home last night and tried it out. After the cap was pushed open, the distance between the straw and the lid was too close. Since the position of the straw is vertical, my son always has to keep the bulge on the lid in drinking water. I wonder if this area can be improved.
It seems that the inclination of the straws of other brands of sippy cups still makes sense. When it comes to kids' things, they really care about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and high capacity
I like that it's lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate dividers are a bit superfluous for me, and I don't know what to pack.
After buying it, I discovered that there was another brand very similar to the one I bought overseas; it was less than 200 yuan.
Fakes, fakes are particularly bad
Amazon sells fake goods, so I am convinced.
The customer service said it couldn't be returned because it was used; I had no use how could I know it was a fake.
I'm sad because of trust. After all, it's a face-wiping product. You should actually buy it at a physical store; I agree it's a little more expensive.
I didn't read the comments because it was a flash sale. I've already submitted it to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let's defend our rights together.
Broken?
Fake?
Tragic in any case.
When I used the second tablet, I chose the one with fine pores, but I thought it was normal, because I hadn't used this one and then applied it to my face, I couldn't stand it. It had a very strong flavor. It was indescribable. I immediately coughed out when I smoked it. My eyes also hurt and shed tears. I immediately took it off and washed my face.
If you don't believe in evil, I bought another one of the same type. It doesn't have that heavy flavor anymore; I'm applying it now.
Reminiscent of the smell a bit like poor quality perm water in a hair salon.
It's unimaginable. Is it really that Amazon's own skincare products will have to be avoided from now on?
A traitor
When I bought it at the time, the event page said that they would give away the “Complete Three Body Collection” for over 99 yuan. They called customer service and said they wanted to show them screenshots of the event at the time. The question was who bought things and saved screenshots of the website. The activities you did yourself still need help from customers. All buyers should keep a close eye on it next time and save the evidence.
Feelings after use
The first time I bought something on Amazon, I had a few different feelings. First, let's talk about the experience of using the product. The first one is really painless and doesn't have a pungent taste. Overall, it's very good. Wipe it off after about 8 minutes, but there will be a small amount of sweat residue on it, and you won't be able to see it if you don't take a close look, so overall it's good. As for the rest, you'll have to keep watching until you keep using it.
Anyways, I think this stuff is really nice.
Second, I placed the order on the 27th and received the item on the 12th. It took a total of 15 days or half a month. Amazon's delivery service attitude was also very good.
Third, don't believe anything on Amazon's Black Friday. I placed an order on Friday and waited 2 days and it was close to 12 yuan cheaper. That is, I bought over 170 (plus shipping or something). There is a feeling that if you do an activity, you raise the price.
What kind of price fluctuation did the customer service say? I've been paying attention to the price for more than 10 days. The price is just like this; it doesn't fluctuate much.
Affordable, made in Japan, with Chinese labels, with pellets, definitely bought back!
There are particles in the paste, and the feeling of freshness is just right. The teeth are smooth after use. They say they are imported, but many of them don't have Chinese labels, so I don't know where they are sold from.
In the future, as long as Amazon has it, I will never go to a second-hand store.
Here's a suggestion, why can't I post a list on the Amazon app sometimes? I hope some apps can be improved, and they'll do better and better!
Over the years of excellence, it's getting worse and worse, and there's no quality of service to speak of at all!
The garbage excellency does not take into account customer needs. The special delivery time is 19:00-22:00.
Since there are elderly people at home who cannot be easily bedridden after surgery, it is only convenient to receive packages at night.
As a result, it was actually delivered directly to the door at 12:00 noon, and they didn't call in advance.
If the delivery time is whatever your courier wants it to be delivered at whatever time they want, why pretend to let the customer choose the time?
If your logistics can't guarantee service, then don't do e-commerce at all!
To get an old man with 3 wounds on his body to get out of bed and open the door to receive the package, he still has to find change to pay!
There is clearly a contact number on the order!
From the beginning, no one even called to give me an explanation!
Excellence Network's so-called complaint customer service is a bunch of outsiders pretending to be there, misleading your complaint and then giving you a so-called response.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I've run into issues like this before with incorrect delivery times, so I can't bear it, but this time it's unbearable; it's just too much!
When I bought a new book, the cover and back cover were actually reversed after the pre-sale arrived. This clearly caused the quality problem, so they closed their eyes and sent the book to the customer?
Leave a bad review and no one will contact you.
Over the years of excellence, it's getting worse and worse, and there's no quality of service to speak of at all!
You won't spend another dime on excellence.
The picture quality is really not acceptable
As a title like “Ancient Atlas,” the book's selection, layout, and printing of the images is really difficult to accept. Some of the images even have mosaics, so blurry that they are unrecognizable.
Even if this book isn't a professional atlas, even if it's a small frame illustration, it should be worthy of the ancient documents left by our ancestors in the catalogue!
(Moreover, many images can be obtained from clear original documents from relevant industry resources), what is the difference between using such images to piece together a book and not using images?
! I am sorry for this academic spirit.
There are no reviews in terms of writing; each member of the Fang family has their own differences.
Overall 2 stars.
When I was in my sophomore year of high school, I read this book with the mentality of just reading and having fun. I think I probably wouldn't be addicted to this kind of book myself. After all, the starting online article wasn't very appealing to me in the past.
Then... it fell into the pit.
According to this plot, the whole book is quite relaxed and enjoyable. In the first part, when Ye Xiu was still in an online game, even if it was an intriguing fight between guilds, it wasn't heavy at all because he was often bloodshot by Ye Shen Gou.
As for the competition section, I wrote about the changing times and the alternation of old and new, a bit sad (I'm probably sentimental).
Reading the whole book took me a lot of time studying in my sophomore year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.
The full time portrayal of characters and feelings is amazing. Some characters have only been taken occasionally, and they also leave a deep influence on people. For example, Ye Xiu, Huang Shaotian, and Su Mu Cheng, the characters that are not in the writing center, such as Jiang Botao, Chu Yunxiu, etc. are also very popular. In a cool e-sports article, it's hard to find a person who is extremely annoying. This is a success in character portrayal on full time.
However, on the emotional side, the 30 million harem beauty that has been criticized by the average online article is either beautiful or corrupt. Full article What everyone has in common is that they love this game of glory, and most of them want to win in a dignified manner.
There was a small amount but no big conspiracy; everyone looked so simple and cute.
That's probably why there aren't any annoying characters full time.
The full time IP is huge, and this is also due to that.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online writing, a full time job is a great book.
How much does he really give people some passion, a little bit of emotion.
I want to animate my full time in April this year.
It's actually been a long time since I wanted to buy all of these books. Since my wallet wasn't thick enough, I discovered that fakes are rampant on TB. In fact, I recently released another version full time. I really like the cover picture, but I'm still planning to buy the old version first, so I just looked at it on Amazon and bought one set in one go.
Next, let's talk briefly about the condition of the goods.
●The fourth book doesn't have plastic wrap, but the book is new.
●The seventeenth plastic cover was, however, opened, and the texture of the book was also very strange, and it didn't feel any other hard material.
●The 23rd book is in the same situation as the 17th one, but it's also harder than the 17th one, but it's quite old.
●The publishing houses for a few books are different; it seems that No. 23 and No. 17 are the same publishing house, which is different from the others.
●Overall, I am quite satisfied. I am very satisfied with 24 books in a big box.
Lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as “The Lost Corner,” but it turned out there was still a lot of text!
I read it three times before I finished reading this book for my kids. It's a little lion that can shoot, a little lion that loves fruit juice and gummies.
When I saw the story of the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urban people are a bit unreceptive to this arrangement of being eaten by animals.
Seeing at the end of the day, this little lion, who has succeeded in human society, has lost himself. He is no longer a complete lion, nor a complete person.
In the end, there was only the back of the little lion; I don't know where he went.
Perhaps many years from now, the image of this little lion still remains in the impression of a grown child. Being reminded of her when she was carelessly one day may have moved or inspired her.
A very cost-effective portfolio of works
1. I didn't know about TASCHEN before. I bought quite a few of their books recently. The reason is that they are too aggressive, whether it's the topic selection or the production itself.
There have been 3 editions of this work. The biggest version, like the complete Michelangelo collection, is close to 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the medium version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; while this edition is the smallest, two-volume edition with a bookcase.
I personally think it's also acceptable. First, the price is cheap, and the 700-plus pages are split into two, making it easy to read as a paperback book; secondly, unlike the Michelangelo Complete Collection, paintings are the main body; Leonardo da Vinci's black and white manuscript accounts for most of the time. For readers with limited budgets and non-art professionals, this edition is the most cost-effective for readers who appreciate paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanation of the painting section is excellent. There is composition analysis, draft analysis, and historical background (such as the last dinner), but I don't know if it's printing or book size issues. Some of the shadows are too deep in some counties, so I can't see the details. It's a bit of a pity.
3. Compared to Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer in content.
The former is already a genius; the latter has a wide range of fields and high achievements, which is not enough to be described as a genius.
If I had only seen paintings before I could only experience half of Leonardo da Vinci, I would be completely speechless after reading the manuscript.
Garbage, who buys who regrets it!
I've never given a bad review. This is really rubbish and a waste of money, just give me a reason!
1. The walking time was not accurate. Suddenly it became January 1st, and the time went back to zero.
2. The poor quality straps are not silicone, and they are blistering on the wrist due to allergies.
3. I often can't connect to my phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. The sleep test does not show up, the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Others.
Logistics is too slow
It shows that it arrived on October 16, but the results were only received on the 21st. Bad review!
Courier delivery is so bad. Buying things on Amazon is already slow, I didn't expect it to be this slow!
Overall satisfaction
I was worried about the camera's packaging at the beginning. This time it's fine. There's an inflatable bag inside. The camera's size 3 is the same, and you can also register on the official website. The number of shutters is 0, so the rest can only be tested in time.
The delivery was pretty fast. I'm complaining about the courier here. Valuable items were placed in the porch. He walked so fast that I couldn't unpack and inspect them in front of him. I was really speechless about this.
The merchant did it for the customer's sake before shipping:)
The merchant is quite responsible. They specifically call to ask about the screen size of the camera they are using, which is really for the customer's sake.
The shipping was also fast.
The diamond film is also very suitable and effective when applied.
Battery charge is not satisfied
The machine is really nice. I want to know why it doesn't charge enough the first time it's charged. The charging indicator is always red
There is currently no official Amazon feedback channel, so you can only give feedback in product reviews
1. On March 29, I purchased this book for 31 yuan through the pre-order channel, showing that it will be delivered to devices on March 31. At this time, it is not possible to preview the book on Amazon's official website (because it hasn't been published yet);
2. The book was delivered to the device on March 31. The content is blank, just stay tuned, but the price of the electronic version of the book on Amazon was reduced to 18 yuan;
3. After two days of repeated attempts to delete the blank book I downloaded on my device and synced it again, I was unable to obtain the electronic version of “The Essence of Business” with actual content, but I saw that it was already possible to preview the book on Amazon's official website.
How many thoughts do I have at the moment
1. The price issue isn't actually the most important one; the key is how to replace the blank book on the Kindle with the actual content now, rather than the “stay tuned” if you download it forever
2. You probably won't buy the book you pre-ordered in the future. After all, if you skip your ticket and download another book with empty content, the procedure seems very complicated;
3. I hope Amazon will provide a normal channel for feedback on such issues. If you have questions about the download or use of e-books, you can have local feedback (work orders, online customer service are all OK, you can refer to how to do it on the official Microsoft store)
I don't really recommend reading
I read it a long time ago, and I just happened to see how I felt after reading it from my memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments of love from life.
The pen tone of this book is extremely bland. It is as bland as plain as plain water. The wording takes simplicity to the extreme, and the plot is as quiet and bland as the street on a summer afternoon.
Every short story is a snapshot of a short period of time in an ordinary life. There is no beginning, no end.
Finally, they were collected together and titled “What Do We Talk About When We Talk About Love”.
I think this collection of novels, and its title, is like a form of performance art. What the author wants to express is that love is not only the sorrow and joy of the stage; the sea is rotten and stony in urban legends; love is not only the above nor should it be represented by the above; love is also a life as plain as water. Every day is boring and tasteless, there is also a sense of frustration with life, an escape from reality, and the future is at a loss.
As you read this book, you may think of the quarrelsome couples bickering around you, the boring marriages of people you know, and unsatisfying feelings.
This is the reason I don't recommend reading it. From an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of this book are completely tasteless. Unless your life is turbulent or as sweet as living in a candy castle, the feeling you have to read is that it's not weird or boring.
However, in terms of depth of thought, the daily plot did not brighten people's eyes or expand one's thoughts and horizons (this is different from Marquez's “Love in the Time of Cholera”), nor did the short clip discuss any issues, such as what kind of mistakes caused the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the main character's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book; it doesn't make much sense if you don't read it.
The author expressed his ideas more through techniques and genres than the storyline, which is also the reason for the poor reading experience of this book.
Good for rough reading; don't look closely.
The logic of this book is good, but the content isn't full enough.
It explains what many sales theories are and why, but they are very weak in how to do it; they only indicate the direction but do not give specific practices.
Plus, the book feels like a piece of work.
Examples include those at home and abroad; well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople, and famous unknown people.
I don't know if the story was written for examples; it would be more convincing if I gave examples from the author's own experiences.
It changed over and over in terms of whether it was a customer or a customer.
It's still a customer in the title, but it becomes a customer in the main text.
E-books also have typos, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering issues.
Anyway, this book is a good introduction to theory, but it's not suitable for people who already work in sales and want to improve their sales standards.
A guide book to quickly understand internet finance
This book is very short. It can be said that it is just an introductory course. It can help you quickly understand the full picture of internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still have to follow the map and dig deeper on your own.
Also, the book was written quite early. The later Alipay WeChat subsidy war to cultivate user habits hasn't been mentioned yet. I'm afraid the current share of third-party payments isn't as small as stated in the book.
Now many people just need to bring a cell phone when they go out to eat, and merchants are abandoning UnionPay because bank turnover is too high.
However, I am very grateful to the author for this introductory book. It can be seen that the author has at least many years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, which is why the content is so easy to understand.
It's easy to write high in the sky; the hard part is that it's easy to understand in plain language.
I appreciate you and want to let you know more!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the salary, but whether they receive enough attention and recognition at work.
According to Maslow's hierarchical theory of needs, after a person's basic survival needs are satisfied, the most urgent thing is to satisfy their psychological needs — the desire to be understood, acknowledged, and appreciated.
Indeed, for Chinese people, most of them are “I love you and it's hard to open your heart”; even if they have love, gratitude, and appreciation, they keep silent and don't say it in their hearts.
The author describes the five languages of appreciation in this book: affirmative words, careful moments, acts of service, satisfying gifts, and physical contact.
What I think is important is not that you know exactly what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use these five languages from the heart to appreciate and thank the people around you, whether family, friends, or colleagues.
In fact, the closer we are, the more we need appreciation and gratitude, so our lives will be better.
Learn to appreciate that companies can also retain talents to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thank you to the translators for bringing us wonderful foreign thoughts and the world.
Due to the cultural background of China and the West, there will be more or less differences between languages. If I had the chance to see the author's original, I believe I would gain more.
Thanks again to the authors, translators, and editors for all their hard work!
Suspected to be a counterfeit product, please review it strictly by Amazon
The quality is super poor, the packaging is loose, there is no weight, not even as much as a roadside stall product. There is no weight, no bar code, and the ten-bag package is loose and broken, which is not a characteristic of a qualified product at all; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon; it is entirely a quality issue; the merchant is advised to polish their eyes and reject poor quality products; additional: I also bought Heart Print. The supermarket is 23 yuan/10 rolls, and several comparison photos have been added to further verify the hypocrisy of this product. In order to give consumers a clearer reference and avoid financial losses and unrelenting feelings Hurry up!
Once again, we expect Amazon to be meticulous and strictly control the origin of products.
A sloppy product that is far from what is expected
Advantages:
1. Big brands, cheap prices.
Advantage 2: The motor and blade are guaranteed by PANASONIC, and it's OK to use, but there's a gap with my expectations.
Cons:
1. There is no indicator for charging. This is the most basic power indicator for you. It is estimated that customers who buy 300 yuan products are also charity and have no respect in the eyes of Panasonic.
2. There is a strong smell when charging, even after only 10 minutes of charging, you can smell the strong smell of burning plastic.
The office was tested for 1 day, and the whole house smelled like this kind of plastic.
Compared to the Philips PHILIPS I've used before at the same price, it has more blades, but the quality of this Panasonic product is really sorry for consumers.
small package
As soon as I received the courier and read the e-commerce version on it, I knew it had fallen into the hole again. It's better than the one I bought at the supermarket. It's probably M. It's not the same packaging as the picture on the product description. It's called the new version.
The three stars are blaming you for not being able to read the product specifications clearly. I have no opinion if you sell the M size e-commerce version. What do you mean by the wrong edition?
The e-commerce routine is deep, so I went to the supermarket to buy it when I had time.
Just the sauce is purple.
I don't like the taste
Kids really don't like the smell of toothpaste. They say it spicy every time. Maybe it's more appropriate to use other words to describe it. For the time being, this is the only word in children's thesaurus.
I bought it when I was at an event. It's very cheap, so I'm too embarrassed to give it a bad review. 4 stars, but I won't buy it again.
Genuine, well packaged
The package is very complete, with an inflatable bag inside. The only thing that has no online reviews is the product that looks like a bare bald product.
There is also a layer of plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle as described in the picture, and the courier was also fast. It arrived the next day after shooting.
It's a genuine product, but it's out of stock. I don't know when it will be on the shelves again.
A bad shopping experience
The order was placed at the time of the Black Friday. As a result, I had waited a long time for the package to be signed. When I asked my colleagues around me, they all said they didn't help. They quickly contacted the courier company, but they said they needed the sender to initiate the inquiry, contacted Amazon customer service, and waited for more than 10 days. Finally, it became clear that the courier had been mistakenly delivered to someone else, and I didn't know it had been overused. Overall, it's pretty bad
Wrong picture
I thought I could get headphones like Figure 1, but I didn't expect to get headphones like Figure 2. Forget the inconsistent pictures. What does the difference in volume between the left and right earphones mean?
Although the names are all the same, I hope everyone can pay careful attention. Also, please ask the person in charge of Amazon to change the correct images in a timely manner. Thank you very much.
The operating system is average
I've been using it for a while. Overall, the picture is OK, and I don't feel any difference. The system is clearly a bit slow to boot, and I can't make any good settings. There's even no need to comment on the software that comes with it. The response speed is even more average. Compared to my colleagues, that's not an order of magnitude.
I read the reviews saying that the design is very user-friendly. I haven't found anything user-friendly. The position of the remote control, the commonly used up, down, left, left, and right, return button design is really unflattering.
So, let's just use it as a TV, plus something like a TV box.
The price reduction is too great
The price drop is so great that over 100 is now 99!
I've accumulated a lot of unrated orders on Amazon, so I've always used a copied passage as review content.
If I use this passage to review, it means that this product has at least 85 points.
However, I would never be too lazy to copy and paste reviews of poor products, so other consumers will use them as a reference when purchasing, and merchants will improve product quality as a result.
Good line at a low price, that's enough if you don't have a fever!
It's such a cheap cable, but it must have met the HDMI certification standards. Compared to the domestic Akihabara dog crap (they are all twice as expensive), the wire is thick and relatively soft. There is no noise in the 7-meter transmission. There is no noise in the 7-meter transmission, so I will think twice about the low price line in the future!
The stuff is OK, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites
After placing the order, I discovered that there was an error, but I couldn't cancel the order. The website kept showing an error link when contacting online customer service, and I couldn't get in touch.
The delivery person called me after it arrived. I said I didn't want it anymore. If I wanted to cancel the order, the delivery person took it back and said I would sign for it first and let me apply for a return.
When I applied for a return, I was only told that once the food item was signed for, there was no way to call Amazon customer service. It's also a similar statement; the order cannot be returned.
I've bought items that cannot be returned by JD and Suning before, including milk, diapers, etc. I contacted customer service and they all returned them. Moreover, JD's diapers taste too bad after opening and I still contacted customer service to return them; it won't work when I arrived at your Amazon.
Rules are dead, people are alive. Contact your customer service. How do you handle it?
Tell me I'll either take it for myself or let the delivery person buy it themselves. It's not easy for them to be a delivery person. Why should I make someone pay to buy something they didn't buy?
OK, I'm not going to give it back either. I took it myself, but I have to rate your service 1 point
Advise everyone not to spend money in vain
First of all, I'm looking forward to buying it. I think the Dole brand's one shouldn't be too bad. After I received it, I think it's OK. It's pretty good, but one of the boxes is basically soft, and I can't see it on the outside. If you eat it, it doesn't taste at all, it's light and tasteless. If you bite off the dark yellow color of the pulp, it's just bad. It's not even one-third of what you can eat. It's not cheap, the quality is so bad!
Once you eat it, you'll never buy fruit on e-commerce again!
Where is the product security label
The bottom of the bottle has a severe indentation, which must have been caused by a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging, the extent of the damage is worrisome. After all, the food packaging is too simple, and it's also purchased internationally. I haven't seen any obvious anti-counterfeiting signs. The point is that the layer of honey inside the lid comes directly out of the inside, and the opening has almost no adhesiveness. Are all foreign products like this?
Being born in China, I don't understand it.
It's supposed to be a genuine product, right?
Also, when I took the picture, I was prompted to arrive on the 20th. I received this on the 14th. My first overseas purchase here. I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe this is all normal?
Pickup service needs to be improved
I bought a total of 5 delivery vouchers. At the time of collection, I made an appointment to pick up 3 copies for the first time. After multiple communication, it was confirmed that they had been omitted and that they needed to be reissued after approval; the second reservation, just in time for a day off, the website and WeChat didn't prompt me to make an appointment on a weekday, causing unnecessary panic and suggested improvements later.
Nice shopping
The stuff was well received!
I still trust Amazon's own products. Now it's very convenient after buying overseas. The logistics time for buying back from abroad is only a few days longer than at home. I have to say that Amazon's customs clearance ability from overseas purchases to domestic ones is still very strong. It's much faster than transit, so now a lot of things are bought overseas.
I hope the quality and price of domestic products will be better. Many things are made domestically, but going out and buying them back is cheaper than at home, so I hope for improvements.
garbage
Seeing a package like this, let's ask everyone: Do you think it's roadside trash?
A plastic package that is fragile is sent from so-called Germany in a plastic bag. Is this kind of packaging responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is like garbage. When I bought this product, the packaging was rudimentary. There were no measures to prevent damage. It was just a simple plastic bag. When I got it, the package was completely deformed, and the items inside were also damaged.
If I only came across one like this, I agree. I bought a few of them all like this. When I called Amazon customer service, the customer service said it was refundable, but the shipping fee was paid in advance, and then the shipping fee was returned to me in the form of a gift card.
Let me just ask, I used cash to pay for shipping, and you gave me back the gift card. If I had to buy your gift card myself, go ahead and mail the product to a German warehouse. This isn't a crime for buying a product!
And I've always said to customer service, who is responsible for this kind of problem, but the customer service doesn't say it's their responsibility; they don't even dare to take on half a sentence of responsibility. What guarantees are there for this kind of after-sales service? In a word: I don't know how to plant it! But I don't think Amazon will give me a chance to publish my review and just delete it!
The quality is very good 5 stars, the logistics are very poor
1. Very good quality, super cheap, affordable, great value for money.
2. Strong, sufficient material, firm solder joints, proper surface treatment, and good color.
3. The logistics were difficult. The order was placed on the 3rd and arrived on the 11th.
4. If Amazon doesn't indicate that the estimated delivery time is February 7, I would probably be satisfied.
5. However, marking the expected delivery time is equivalent to giving the user a promise. When the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user feels very bad.
6. If you're not sure about giving a promise, don't make a promise.
7. Actually, I really care about the promises made by merchants.
8. So, I gave a low score.
The gold thread will fade
The effect is still there, but whether it feels obvious depends on the individual or psychological effect.
One thing that's not very good is the gold thread. It was originally designed to look good, but in reality, this gold thread will fade and be placed on the car. If you hold it a few times, there will be some gold powder on your hands and on the car.
Hope the product can be improved.
This kind of square one doesn't have any decorative effect, so don't use gold lines to remove it; it's still troublesome to fall off the car and stain the car.
The item is in good condition, the speed is OK, in 2 packages and in different packages
The speed for 8 days was pretty fast, but the packaging was not the same. Obviously, one was too shockproof. The thick cardboard was attached, sealed with a layer of plastic, and the outer packaging was easy to remove. One was like a domestic courier box; just putting in a few buffer air bags was fine; it felt a bit perfunctory.
The Yalan mattress is really nice
The 34cm mattress is not usually thick, so you can sleep directly on the mattress without the bed.
The quality is very good, it's very soft on both the front and back, very comfortable to sleep, and I fell asleep quickly when lying on it.
After receiving the mattress, there were two stains due to the violent shipping of the courier. The Yalan customer service was very responsible and contacted very efficiently to solve the problem.
It's not a self-operated product; Amazon is shameless
The page clearly states that it is self-operated. In fact, it is delivered by the supplier. The supplier is responsible for after-sales service. Contact the supplier yourself if there is any problem.
If you want to cancel the order, I'm sorry, the order information has been sent to the supplier and cannot be cancelled; if you want to return the item, you have successfully applied for a return on Amazon. Sorry, no one cares about you; you need to contact the supplier to return the item yourself.
What kind of product is Nima's own business.
The product is not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon is not responsible after the sale. The customer service actually said “I'll help you contact the supplier,” but they also claim that they are self-employed. It's so shameless. It's blatantly shameless, and blatantly defrauded consumers!
A depressing experience
The filter I bought online before from another company had a good filtration effect, and there was no limescale even if I used it for an additional day or two after 28 days.
Since everything I've always bought on Amazon is of good quality, this time I wanted to buy a filter on Amazon. The first time I bought a filter on Amazon, I didn't feel very good. Not only did I start to have water stains early on, but the filter will also have suspended little black toner until the 28th day. I really don't know if I'm going to keep using it or just throw it away. I'm very depressing~
It's not as good as I thought
Compared to the cable boards I've used in the past, the exterior workmanship is average, and I can see how the interior is not taken apart. Hopefully, as described by the store, from the point of view of ease of use, there is no indication of whether each independent unit is energized
The packaging is damaged, wait a while to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is seriously damaged. The box inside seems to be new, but the instructions don't seem to be new. It was only renovated in September. I'm stocking up. I hope it won't be bad by then. Please Amazon explain why several customers have mentioned that the packaging is damaged, yet you can handle it safely. Thank you!
Overall good, a bit of a minor problem
When I bought a water filter bottle for the first time, I read a few reviews of LAICA and chose this one. When I received the product and installed the filter according to the instructions, I tried it. Overall, it felt good, but when I poured water, it seemed like the raw water would mix with the treated water from the spout (the original water tank was not sealed too tightly).
When you use it, be sure to wait until all the water has been filtered before you pour it out!
The picture is incomplete
The picture doesn't show the details on the side. The details on the side don't match the style of the main body, and there is a big difference; this is the second; there is no indication of the texture, which is the third; when I bought them in the UK, it was clear that each item had its own box. Here is only a simple plastic bag, and there's no product logo on the beads. How can I tell if it's real or fake.
Be careful when buying, especially if you buy things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service really sucks
The order was placed two days ago, and I found that it had dropped by 40 yuan when I received it today. It took a long time to find customer service. The customer service said they couldn't make up the price difference; they could buy it again and return it.
This kind of customer experience and service is actually ten thousand times worse than Mubao Mudong.
OK, as a newbie, it's worth starting
It's in excellent condition. It's not comparable to Extreme King Kong. I've seen the prices in shopping malls before, hundreds to say the least. This is my first time playing King Kong, so it's OK.
Nice stuff
The stuff was really nice. It was delivered to my girlfriend, but I was a little unhappy when I wasn't delivering in Canada at noon. The logistics company sent me an email and sent me a verification text message without receiving it, which caused me to take two trips.
But the baby is really nice.
It's worth buying
The little monkey is cute. The Amazon discount is really strong. It ships directly from Chow Shengsheng's official website. The order was placed the night before yesterday, and I received it this afternoon. It was really fast.
Postal couriers are also very responsible.
awesome!
A customer's confession
1 When you receive such a defective product, Amazon customer service tells you not to be in a hurry; we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service staff. They will tell you that the issue will be handled by a specialist, and he will let you know the results.
You'll never be able to voluntarily contact this specialist, don't know her job number, and don't have a direct contact number; that is, you can't get in touch with her; only she can contact you.
3 Tragically, after almost 3 days of waiting, this specialist contacted me, left my phone for a while, and didn't get a call from this specialist.
I waited 2 hours without a call from that specialist. During that time, I took the initiative to contact Amazon customer service and sent an email from customer service asking her to call me back.
4 It's been almost 3 days, and I still don't know what the treatment results will be for the Amazon coffee machine that I received as a defective product!
5 There is no problem with Amazon products in the US. Buying overseas is a good way to shop, but it's far worse than the service in the US and Asia.
6 For me I can only keep waiting...
The bottom is not flat
Because everything I read in the reviews is very good, I'm looking forward to this pot, and I like it when I get my hands on it. It's very lightweight, but I noticed a problem when I opened the pot. The bottom of the pot was not flat. The center was raised, the periphery was recessed, and the oil had all gone to the periphery. The fat meat I bought on purpose couldn't cover the center area. It's sticky, and I can't even open the pot.
I don't know if I'm unlucky; I just got a pot with an uneven bottom. Thankfully, Amazon offered a one-month return service, and I decided to return it.
I brushed the pot clean and returned it, and Bai had been busy for half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve
This is a product with a very simple design style.
In the shape of a cube, the designer treated the top as a slightly curved surface.
It was supposed to be a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the final effect was not achieved.
Because there are two parts on the top, the control panel on the front and the top cover of the water tank on the back.
The curvature of the top cover was actually inconsistent with the curvature of the control panel. There was a maximum height difference of about 2mm after splicing.
Looks like a pretty small gap though.
But it can be said that it destroyed the whole sense of design.
I'm a little upset with the product designer.
It seems that Midea's product managers are not yet capable of creating products of this standard.
(Of course, I can't ask for too much feedback from the after-sales lady, but when I heard the aftersales say that all the individuals on this product were like this, not the only one I bought had a problem, her disbelief and honest burden made me understand that it wasn't too high for beauty.) The 2019-7-7 pump failed with little water output. It had been repaired for the second time, and it was broken two weeks after the first repair.
Very good deal after the discount, Amazon's fake offer is very sad
I bought it one week after the baby was born, and it has excellent insulation.
The outside of the pot doesn't touch a hint of heat, so even if you're not afraid of getting burned, it can effectively protect the temperature from scattering.
After a night, the air conditioning room can still maintain a very high temperature.
Amazon said there were 320 major discounts for the annual event. I later discovered that everyone had 249,289,299. I instantly felt deceived, but after going to the supermarket and comparing them, it was still much cheaper than all kinds of miscellaneous goods at the same price. You can carry them with your car when you go out in the future.
Vitamix Vitamix 6300
I've been watching for a long time. Seeing a discount on the Meiya 6300 and Central Asia's overseas purchases at the same price, I quickly started.
The order was placed on September 2. It is expected to arrive on the 21st. As a result, it will arrive on the 12th. It was almost 10 days ahead of schedule. It was really fast!
The box isn't big; I used Vitamix's original packaging directly, and Amazon isn't afraid it will break when it crosses the ocean!
The machine looked brand new and had all the accessories, even though the cup shook so much when placed on the base, I was afraid that the cup would fly out when I started it!
I asked a friend who is 5,200 years old and asked him to describe it as if it wasn't as relaxed as mine.
The recipes that are randomly attached are all in English. I'm tired of reading them, and I can't find the Chinese version online. This is a problem!
I bought a transformer as soon as I received it. I think it will arrive in 3 days, and I'll have a lot more time to toss around when the time comes!
Too small, no umbrella cover, average material.
It's not big at all!
The second pair of Totes, 1. This one doesn't have an umbrella cover 2. The handle material is average 3. Clearly write Large. It's actually a convenient umbrella for one person; it's probably enough for two people.
Instead, the one I bought in the US before can be used by three people without pressure.
I don't feel very good
First, the case isn't very strong; if you press it flat, it doesn't work; secondly, the ABS on the back design doesn't work to prevent the surface of the box from being scratched; the other is that the inside of the case is just a cloth wrapped in a rag that sticks out... etc., I'm not satisfied with all kinds of things, and finally the zipper isn't smooth.
PS: The wheels feel really good
It's OK
Advantages: This backpack is delicate and looks durable.
Cons: The QR code on the card can't be scanned (what the hell), I can't put down my 15.6 inch laptop (can't put down a little longer), the zipper of this backpack can be locked, but it doesn't provide a lock for the buyer; service doesn't come first.
The whole thing is OK, I don't know if it's genuine
The overall feeling is OK. I don't know if it's genuine, so I can't evaluate it blindly.
It can hold A4 format documents. Over 80 pages thick, but box-shaped objects that are too thick and too hard (cannot be deformed) probably won't fit.
The bag is very soft, and the inner pocket dividers are quite user-friendly, which is quite nice.
It's just that the one I got has a small trachoma on the bottom. I don't know if I'm in bad shape or not?
Too lazy to go back and forth to exchange goods; bear with it.
An overall rating of 4 stars is worth it.
ForRoyal's most popular camera strap SLR strap
This strap is scientifically designed; it hangs over two shoulders; it is practical, and the chest is secured and protected with soft material. It doesn't use screws to fix the bottom of the camera like other fast shooters, and it's also easy to take off for photography.
Garbage after-sales
The piano I bought a month and a half ago was missing a part. After informing Amazon, they gave me an after-sales call. After many conversations, I haven't received the parts yet. Please tell me how efficient this is!
I think the repair will be more troublesome if there is a problem later. Hoping that after the sale, friends should take a detour. Too bothersome!
There are minor flaws, the sound is good
The piano head is defective. One horn is missing. It looks like it's a defective product, and there aren't any free gifts, but the price is good, and the sound of the piano is also good.
OK, the first batch of noodles
I've been using it for a long time, and apart from not being able to get the bass out, overall it's pretty good.
However, the workmanship wasn't as perfect as I had imagined.
When I first bought it, there was a problem with the item. All the lights were blinking and I couldn't use it.
I asked for a replacement. As a result, it's been three days since it arrived in Shanghai, and it hasn't been delivered yet.
Delivery phone calls are also not answered.
The courier said they only had that contact method.
Amazon can't find a place to complain.
In the absence of a request and a delay in delivery, the delivery was inexplicably delayed at my request - I received an SMS like this.
I'll talk about transit issues later.
Despite the extremely poor shopping experience, I began to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.
I don't think I'll be able to get it today either.
The label has poor adhesiveness and is not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not coated; moreover, the adhesive of the label is very poor, so it doesn't work at all for cable labels; it falls off very easily. If you buy it to organize cables, you should pay attention.
The pen is OK, but the package is too simple. It's just a paper box; there are no protective measures, and the box that holds the pen is attached with a large piece of transparent glue, so if you remove the glue, it's all on the box.
The 600 yuan item was treated like this. It was a very disappointing shopping trip.
But the pen is fine.
Hope there are more improvements to the packaging in the future!
Not to mention the quality; when it comes to writing, it's not as good as 925-25
First, let's praise Tiantian Express. The airfares are super fast and the service is very good!
I've been using the 925-25. It's great. I just received the 925-85. Not to mention the quality of the pen, the style is also very beautiful. The reason I gave it 4 stars is because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing. The cap shakes a bit when adjusting the length of the lead core. My personal opinion: 925-25 is easier than 85.
As a result, I became an Amazon die-hard fan
I bought it at a super bargain price. As a result, kids don't like reading pens.
It's been unwrapped. I tried applying for a return, but it's actually free to pick up the package at your door.
That's awesome.
Returns are not encouraged, but this is the only service in China.
Hope it's not misused.
All future books have moved to this place to buy them.
The headphone is biased, and there is also noise
This headphone is really rubbish. I don't know if it's a problem with my ears, or if this headphone is really not as good as it used to be.
I bought a blue one from Someyi two years ago. The sound quality is pretty good, there's no noise or bass, and I'm planning to buy another one (urbeats) after using it for over 2 years. After all, it feels pretty good.
I also saw a pretty purple one. As a result, I bought this one today and only heard it didn't feel right. While it was loud, it was quiet.
At first I thought it was because of the sound effects of that song, but after listening to it for half a day, I discovered that the problem was serious. Not only was the sound polarized, the bass effect didn't sound as good as I had before. There was also a bit of noise. Is it only the purple one I bought that has this phenomenon? Or is the current headphone manufacturing process really not working?
Quite a bad review, very disappointing.
Be sure to return it tomorrow during the day.
PS looks good
This AV amplifier has complicated settings, rough appearance, and high heat generation.
I'll have to wait a while for the sound to review!
On August 14, the German version of the DN1081. 1 looks pretty bad at first glance.
1. The front panel and knobs are all plastic.
2. The audio input jack and speaker output terminals on the back panel are all very poor. Just looking for a 1000-2000 all-in-one CD amplifier is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is relatively thin, and the side of my transformer is still dented. As a last resort, I opened the box and restored it with my hands. The top cover and front panel came loose.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is deflected to the transformer end, which is very awkward when moving.
It feels like a Sony entry-level machine; just the workmanship, made in Malaysia.
I feel like Sony's OEM in China would be much better than the pony.
5. The machine heats up a lot. The two channels used to watch the movie are 40-50℃ when you touch the top cover with your hands. I don't know if the transformer is too big and generates a lot of heat.
Now that we use a lot of switching power supplies, this stupid transformer is estimated to be 4 kg.
Sony should use a silent fan with active cooling in the machine. After unpacking, you can only see the large aluminum heatsink on the tube.
Expensive
FANDUN JEEP (FANDUN JEEP) Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise integrating R&D, design, processing, production, marketing and trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing, and is a young enterprise that is booming.
FANDUN JEEP (FANDUN JEEP) clothing focuses on the effective integration of modern information technology with traditional industries, introduces advanced international production equipment, process design and management technology, and has built a first-class garment production line in China.
Maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.
In terms of informatization construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that enterprises have been strengthened and improved in terms of comprehensive management capabilities, and the overall level of modern management of enterprises has been improved.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of “honesty, harmony, quality and excellence”. The products are based on the domestic market and are favored by many customers.
The Vatican Jeep costume is confident because it's young!
We sincerely welcome domestic and foreign merchants to cooperate and create brilliance together!
Enterprise spirit: be proactive and keep pace with the times, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, corporate mission: to lead the trend and establish a brand.
Never taken apart
The battery is working.
I'd love to have an autopsy to see what it really is in its stomach.
When I think about it later, if you are very disappointed after unpacking it, it would be a mistake to spend that much money; if you are satisfied after unpacking it, it will be difficult to put it back on, and it won't be nice to use it.
Forget it, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed explanation of the amount of electricity, the average person feels lost when they look at it.
I'm fine. I've worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time. Apart from not understanding circuits, I'm also half a battery engineer, so I can handle it.
overjoyed
I really had no idea before I bought it, and I felt great until I opened the package!
Finally, when I touched the headphone cable, it felt so flexible. The quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone to turn on QQ music.
I was stunned; the sound quality was 3D surround!
I asked about it at a physical communication store. It's about 30, but it's definitely not Pinsheng's brand; it's miscellaneous, so even though this Pinsheng is 27 yuan, it's definitely worth owning for money!
The worst online shopping experience
After the order was placed on September 28, the system showed that it had been shipped. As a result, the goods were not received until October 12.
Check the status of the Amazon order. The seller did not provide a tracking number, so I can't find out where the order is.
So I sent an email to the seller asking if they could provide a tracking number, but there was no response after 2 days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service. The customer service told me the seller's mobile phone number, and I called the store again. After a few calls, the phone went through and I was told that the courier had lost the package, so I could send another one right away.
I'm really angry, but since I need a computer urgently, I didn't say much to the seller; just send it to me right away.
As a result, I called the next day and asked, was it shipped?
The seller said it hasn't been released yet; it will only be sent in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon to ask. The seller said it would be delivered after 5 or 6 p.m.; as a result, when I called at 7 p.m., no one answered the phone.
On the morning of the third day, I called again and asked if the goods had been shipped?
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it wasn't delivered, and told me if I was in a hurry let me order from someone else; if I could wait, it would be sent in the afternoon.
There's no choice. I'll have to wait a long time to order from another company.
You can only ask the seller to ship it quickly.
I finally received my computer on October 16 after countless phone calls.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, since I bought it for someone else, I'll add a comment later.
I just bought it for half a year and haven't used it a few times. Now it's not in good contact. I'm asking if it can be repaired?
Since I have a desktop, I haven't used it many times since I bought it.
I only use it a few times in my fashion bag when I'm on a business trip.
I recently discovered that when connected to a power source, it doesn't charge; you need to hold the charger and cable connection a few times with your hand to charge the battery.
The suspicion is that the interface is not in good contact. I wonder if it can still be repaired now?
I highly recommend Amazon discontinue EMS!
Five stars for products, one star for logistics, three stars for the average.
I don't understand why Amazon sends EMS; the industry admits that it's unreliable. OK, computers are also valuable items!
After the purchase, the order showed that it was expected to be delivered on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
Why is it four or five days to ship from Xiamen to Fuzhou!
The logistics finally arrived in Fuzhou on the morning of the 22nd, ready to be happy to receive the goods. As a result, I checked the logistics in the evening without receiving any phone calls or text messages, but it was actually signed for at noon. It also showed that I signed for it!
I was instantly shocked!
Who am I? Where am I? Did I actually buy this computer?
I just doubt life, OK!
Finally, I took a trip to the collection point before I moved my computer back.
Simply put, the specific reason is that the courier boy reversed the two ticket numbers. Fortunately, if you don't lose the item, forget it.
I strongly recommend Amazon not to use EMS. If Amazon uses EMS for express delivery in the future, I definitely won't buy it again.
The goods are pretty good
First of all, I found a price drop just a few days after I bought it. The review is pretty good. It's cost-effective. The CPU and video card are good enough for mainstream online games and quite a few large stand-alone computers. The cooling is very good, but the screen is a bit leaking (common problem with IPS screens), the sound quality is not good, and the hard drive isn't good (I recommend spending some money to add a solid state). I took it yesterday and tested the hardware after the sale. There are no problems. The win8.1 that comes with it is not easy to use. I recommend upgrading to 10. The seller shipped it very fast. The questions were answered very quickly. The invoice arrived the day after I got it on the computer. Nice, but unfortunately it's a free gift None at all.
(By the way, don't go to a certain Bao store called E-Ku Digital Center to buy keyboard stickers. Delivery is slow and the quality is poor, there are no returns or exchanges if there are any problems with the product, and the boss is still full of foul language. Please make a special revelation)
The stuff is very good, the platform bureaucracy is still the same
The hard drive is of very good quality, and is definitely cost-effective. It's cheaper than buying it in Hong Kong. If you're not in a hurry or can endure the logistics, I definitely recommend buying it.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same. There were no improvements when I swore a few years ago that I would never use it. You'll never be able to check the actual logistics situation, the information will always arrive a few weeks later, and you can never file a complaint. That's just the bureaucracy!
It's been a few days since you received the item, and the logistics information is still about 10 days before you receive it!
Unworry-free logistics
It came out looking like this. Not only was the package flattened, but the electrical appliance package was also opened, and I don't know if the package had been adjusted.
FYI
I haven't tried it yet. I've always trusted Philips, and I hope the battery lasts longer than other brands.
I checked it on the internet. It's probably a common problem with water ingress, and there's no warranty.
Depressed!
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and keep using it. I don't know how long it will last?
Bought one that someone else has taken apart
The tax on more than 300 machines that cost more than 100 is actually quite high. It seems that now more than 600 machines have a much more balanced mind.
When I received it, the sealing tape looked very wrong. It looked like it had been unpacked. I quickly took a picture. Sure enough, it opened as soon as I tore it. The cardboard inside was still damaged after opening. I was worried that someone else had returned it. I quickly tried it on my husband before the anniversary. As a result, the machine had no electricity at all. Fortunately, there was no scum on the knife head. How can I go back if it's not too old!
Whether it's easy to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term is still unknown. As in the previous review, what they send when they are out of stock is really unreliable!
Higher level of experience
It's almost top-level electric. There are many modes for cleaning teeth, but few people switch between different modes of brushing every day.
I haven't had any problems after using it for half a year. I brush it every day, and I wash it almost every Monday.
Brush accessories are just as cheap to buy on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use. Other than changing the colors, are there any other compatibility issues that seem to be the reason for the overseas version?
Those who want to learn Dafa.
Very cost-effective
Have used it 3-4 times.
1. The packaging is intact.
2. Very easy to use and easy to clean.
3. It's completely possible to DIY haircuts, saving money.
All in all, a very successful purchase.
There are fakes
The last time I bought two packs, they are actually two different versions. Originally, the letters in the lower left corner of the package were green, but it turned out that it wasn't; it was white; as a result, cats had diarrhea when they ate them.
I'm not sure if the Amazon supply is fake or if the package was dropped by an employee at the time of delivery.
I'll buy it again; if it's still a fake, I'll have to go to your relevant people to account.
It's a horizontal bar!
The Amazon image has slashes, but the results sent me are horizontal bars. Isn't that a lie?
The effect is OK
Cats love to eat, that's the point.
It's also really effective.
Tight, narrow, hoop the foot, polish the back of the foot.
NOT RECOMMENDED.
1.un is Clarks's most comfortable series, but unfortunately this one is so bad.
Added: Today I compared the previous UN series insoles (leave the padding on the shoes). The material is much worse than before. They are not as elastic as before, and they are not as breathable as before, but they are fake and soft.
2. The back of my foot isn't that tall. The buttuckles are about 3 cm forward from the highest point on the back of the foot.
3. I bought three pairs of Clarks overseas; only one pair is suitable.
I was so scared that I deleted all the music from my wishlist.
Go back and try Rockport. If not, you can only go to the ECCO physical store.
Secondary charging is good, quality control is not good
First of all, what is worth affirming is that Prime is very effective in buying Ups overseas. The order placed on the 31st was received on the 6th.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the leather feels good.
The shoe size is slightly larger. The 25 feet are 10.5 wide at 7.5W. The upper foot is slightly loose, but I usually like to wear looser ones; a pair of insoles is just right.
Second, the quality control of this shoe is really unflattering. The sole of one shoe is damaged, the other has various scratches and a needle eye. The rubber strip at the connection between the upper and the sole is misplaced, and the clearly marked one can be refilled again!
I regret it a bit!
I bought it for 280 yuan to do activities. It's quite a bargain to buy an Asics at this price. Of course, there are lower prices based on reviews.
Now let's talk about shoes. Advantages: They are very light, very comfortable to run, fit quite well, and don't come loose.
They look great, but the drawbacks are obvious: I usually wear 40's shoes, and the 40.5 ones I bought this time are about 1 thumb away from the front end of the shoes, but this doesn't affect anything.
These shoes are very “narrow,” and although there is still distance between the front, they feel tight.
Also, the shoes may not be very breathable, and I feel that my feet are very hot when I wear them.
Press the back of the foot
First of all, the shoes are very well made and worth the price.
My feet are very standard. I've bought a few pairs of running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, and Amazon's Aibou, and I've never seen them fit, but I read the reviews. I bought one size larger uk7. After the upper foot was one size larger, they were clearly too long, but because the insole was too thick, they still put a lot of pressure on the back of the foot. In addition, the hiking shoes are very hard, making the upper foot very uncomfortable.
If you don't have particularly thin feet, I don't recommend buying this one.
If you have to buy it, changing the insole will solve it, but the original insole looks very classy, so it's a pity not to use it.
A perfect shopping trip!
Very satisfied, I like it very much. Amazon's overseas purchases are all genuine products, the quality is also very good, the price is reasonable, the after-sales service is very thoughtful, the customer service is very kind, patient and efficient in handling problems, and perfectly solves worries. The supporting express delivery is very convenient and secure. The delivery master is very attentive to the customer. Every time, I promptly remind Amazon to pick up the goods from the courier cabinet. Thank you Amazon for providing customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
Anyway, our whole family loves shopping overseas on Amazon!
Absolutely bad review!
Really speechless about this agency and Amazon.
Be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon in the future.
Even though it's been a long time, I'm still going to talk about it.
I bought it in a flash in the winter. It's less than 200, and it's useless to keep it at home for a few months.
When I needed to use it in the spring, I discovered that it couldn't connect to the bracelet. Both device manuals indicated support for each other, but I later discovered that it was probably a heart rate band problem because I still couldn't connect to other devices.
I called Amazon and asked me to contact the agency, which asked me to send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the item was sent back in its original form; even the delivery box was the one I used when I sent it back!
No replies or receipts or test reports!
Just tell me, is it a good thing or a bad one!
Call and ask and say that sending it back like this means there is no problem with the device. That's fine.
But why can't I connect? The agency answered: That's not their thing.
I'm unlucky; I'm too lazy to be tossed around by you for something worth 200 yuan.
The item is seriously out of order.
Unavailable goods are out of stock.
The headband is made of very good material.
Much better than Nike.
The breathability is also very good.
It's just the hat on the front.
Very fine.
Are you trying to make fun of me?!
It doesn't block the sun at all.
It's not being returned because it works great as a headband.
It doesn't cover the sun when worn upwards, though.
But it's different from other headband styles.
Use it for retention.
The quality of the product is good, Amazon lacks a contractual spirit, and the delivery staff are nice.
I'm requesting delivery on Saturdays and Sundays!
Amazon rules do not allow delivery on Saturdays and Sundays.
It hurt me and drove 200 kilometers back from abroad to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery guy was very positive and welcoming.
Give it a thumbs up!
Product, just tried it, it's pretty good.
But I haven't bought a similar product before, so I can't compare prices!
Size logistics
The workmanship is OK, but the logistics are too slow. All of the shoes used to be DHL, but this time Apex is really... I've bought a lot of UA domestically, and the price isn't low. I think the one made is higher grade than NIKE ADIDAS?
Actually, they're all just as good, so sea bream.
Size: I'm 176CM, 68KG, I have wide shoulders and I usually wear 180 clothes. The M I bought had a slightly long hem. The others are perfect to wear. I think I recommend a size S. Are you that slim? Still prefer a tight fit? I think a looser hoodie would be better.
Just the right size
I had a bust circumference of 99, a height of 184, and a weight of 84 kg. Before purchasing, I consulted customer service and was told that I should buy the XXL one, then I read the reviews and decided to buy the L one. After receiving the item, I discovered that the size was just right, so I almost got hit.
The price of Double Eleven is quite a bit more expensive than Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is excellent.
The problem with Z's affordable products is very troublesome!
The order was placed on the 18th, the goods were only received on the 25th. The speed of snails from Guangzhou to Beijing!
I bought an affordable Z product. There were scratches in the instructions, but I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing after receiving the item!
The kid didn't want to return the item, so I thought it wasn't a big problem, but the kid's grandpa went to several nearby hardware stores and didn't buy it!
Grandpa stuck it on at the end!
Seems like I won't be able to buy Z's affordable products in the future!
The processing quality of toys is not good
Most of the bolt holes aren't aligned. It's very hard to get the bolt on. You can see that the processing quality is not good, and I don't know how long I can play, because it's something I promised my kids, so it won't go back.
Other reviews say it's not a hassle to install; is this the only one I bought that has a problem?
Very average
Am I unlucky?
The packaging is too old to work; the workmanship is average; there is only one type of music and is only 8 seconds long and then repeated over and over; the movement is just shaking the head and moving forward, no change.
Not worth the price.
If you use it urgently, you won't return it.
The toy is of good quality, I'm going to complain about the packaging
I received the courier yesterday. I bought it on Amazon. The one marked EMS delivery was, and finally the one delivered by Tmall. How many turns did this take? Is the relationship between Amazon and Tmall pretty good?
Also, speaking of the packaging, there are a few layers of plastic wrap. There isn't even a plastic bubble paper inside. Once you open it, all the parts are in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy is of good quality. There are no broken parts, but it's too small than I had imagined. Because it doesn't come with a battery, it often derails when pushed by hand. It feels like the gap on both sides of the track is too large and the design is unreasonable.
Good quality, fun
Very fun, the components are very accurate, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is about the same as LEGO, and the price is very reasonable when doing activities.
The assembly process was very fun. I'll do the hard work. My 5 year old son is here to play, which is great.
He had a lot of fun and was amazed; he will probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.
The machine is new, Haitao is good
I took a look at it for Christmas. The one I bought before was 150 yuan expensive, but it was shipped a little slower now.
The machines are pretty good; they are all very new.
Built-in Pikachu.
If you then connect to the Elf Ball, it will send you a dream.
It's pretty good to play, more portable than ps4.
I already bought Zelda, wait for the game and try it again.
They produced bad goods and sold bad goods. As a result, the bad goods service bought six watches to send to children. The quick numbers on the first one were not fully displayed; the time for the six yuan was not consistent; the difference ranged from about ten hours.
I contacted the manufacturer to ask if there is a check time for the watch when it is in storage? They replied “Yes,” so why is there such a time difference? That must be because the watch doesn't have accuracy. Simply put, it's an aquatic product. It's not that I'm saying it's hard to hear. Look, they all have obvious quality issues (numbers are not fully displayed) and sold. Are they junk?
I contacted the seller, who gave a bunch of reasons and complained about things they shouldn't have bought in the first place, products like this, sellers like this, and after-sales service like this, who would dare to buy anything on Amazon in the future.
Anyway, I recommend not buying anything from this seller; buying it is also junk.
Amazon shipping issues
After receiving the goods, the inspection revealed:
1. The watch packaging is seriously dilapidated.
2. The manual on the watch has serious usage wrinkles.
3. The watch does not go away, the desk lamp does not charge and is unusable, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately. You can only mail to the US at your own expense, and pay for postage later.
The reason for 5 or 2 points is that the customer service is pretty good.
I can only say that it fits
The time isn't very accurate. It's about one second faster every day; it's been over two minutes after only a few months of use.
I've used a piece of Nishitetsu City before, and I feel like it won't be a few seconds away in a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is pretty good. The timing function is a bit lacking. Basically, I can't use it. Occasionally, I mistakenly touch it to enter the timing mode.
solar sports watch
Advantages: Solar charging doesn't have to worry about changing batteries, has world time, multiple alarms, and full reminders.
Disadvantage: The mirror surface is easily scratched and dusty.
Cost-effective ratio: The average domestic price is between 220-300, and more than 180 are purchased overseas (it takes about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch
It must be a genuine product. I went to the counter to inspect the product. The watch looks very beautiful, the workmanship is fine, the materials are sufficient, and it also has an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight. It is unmatched by those 3,400 so-called mechanical watches. This is a genuine product.
The watch's timing is very accurate, and the error is within an acceptable range. There is a jewelry certification in the package of the watch. The 12 characters on the dial are real diamonds. It's perfect to wear on yourself, and it also looks great when you send it out as a gift.
Bentley watches are really nice.
The worst shopping experience ever
My wife's phone fell on the night of September 23. Out of her heart, she ordered an 8p one from Amazon. It was in stock but it wasn't self-operated and there was no price increase (I'm happy). Since it's not self-operated, the system says it is expected to arrive until September 27 at the latest.
My wife was so upset that she didn't have a cell phone. At 6:00 a.m. the next morning, she told me to think of a solution. Later, when I went to JD to see that the 256G was in stock and that it could be delivered the same day, I had to order another one right away.
I made a new purchase and wanted to cancel my Amazon order right away.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it is impossible to receive the delivery early in the morning. Call customer service after 7 o'clock to cancel the order. The customer service replied that it had already been cancelled, please wait for an SMS notification.
OK, I just waited patiently. At noon, I took a look on my phone. The order was still in status and still unshipped, so I immediately contacted customer service to request a quick cancellation. The customer service replied that the operation was OK.
When I checked the order on my phone at 3 p.m., I had no choice but to contact customer service again to clearly let them know that it had already been called for the third time. Please cancel the order and tell the seller not to ship it!
The customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request and told me that the seller was not familiar with the system and that they had to wait until they were familiar with the system before canceling the order.
But don't worry if you tell me clearly that the seller already knows and will never ship it.
I waited until Monday to read the order and it turned out that it had already been shipped, and I was speechless.
Since it is not possible to contact the seller directly, it is only possible to call customer service again.
The rest of the processing was just speechless. Basically, I said one step before the customer service moved on.
The order has so far been declined for delivery and is preparing to be delivered again!
Wouldn't Amazon take the initiative to follow up?
It doesn't matter if the seller company takes the money anyway and doesn't follow up.
To sum it up, I'll never pay for big items in advance; this is so bothersome.
It looks beautiful
I liked this camera a long time ago, but I didn't buy it because there were other reasons other than the price. This time I bought it because of the free shipping and the price is OK.
After I bought it, there was no problem with anything else. Even when the software connected, I couldn't connect to it. My family is a TP router. After searching the internet, I found that many people have this problem. It took more than two hours to change the router settings. Finally, I used 360 WIFI as a medium to get it done. I called Xiaomi customer service during the period. They had no solution to this problem, so I just asked me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another thing worth noting is that I read comments from users on the internet saying that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, so I can't recognize it if the storage capacity is smaller. I hope everyone will pay attention to this.
It feels OK to use. The picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is very poor. The machine heats up to a certain extent. If you keep it on, I feel that this level of heat is a bit difficult for people to accept.
In summary, there are still many shortcomings in this product, so I hope everyone should be careful when buying it.
The reason I gave it 3 stars is because I bought it for the first love of my life. I've been in a relationship for almost 3 years, and left me like this last year until now.
The reason I gave it 3 stars is because I bought it for my first love in life. Now I don't know how much I've used it; I probably threw it away!
I've been in a relationship for almost 3 years. This is how I left me last year. As soon as I think of her, I want to leave this world with heartache. The first woman in my life brought me shadows and heartache for the rest of my life, and I haven't been able to walk out yet.
When I bought this phone, I think about how the two of them felt at the time and were still able to share the same hardships together, but now I can't look back. Maybe life is like this. Some people don't want to experience it for the rest of their lives, and some things they don't want to know for the rest of their lives, but what are some ways?
As many times as I saw this Samsung phone, I thought of her. That kind of pain filled my whole body. I never bothered to use a phone that cost more than 2,000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I didn't hesitate to be nice to one person, but one day when she changed her mind, all the Mountain League vows would dissipate.
The best products from domestic brands
Huawei is a fine product among domestic products.
Low-profile bosses and companies rely on technology and quality to win customers. This is quite different from the current business culture of using advertising operations to increase popularity!
It's impossible for a company without power to do this, and they don't dare to do it!
It is for this reason that I chose Huawei.
I bought it and used it for over half a year, and it always feels great, very nice.
The reason I didn't give it a perfect score was because there was one time when I was using it to navigate offline, and I didn't find out the reason in the end; other times it was fine.
Moreover, it enters the destination online, and automatically designs the route after searching. After leaving WiFi, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical. It doesn't need to run traffic; it directly talks to the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, which is great!
Sony Dafa is good
This low-end Sony model still has a great sense of design, and is cheap. The screen is big enough, and the battery life is excellent, making it very suitable for the elderly to use.
Although it's been a long time, there's still nothing wrong with this machine.
But since my Z2 was decentralized, this phone also completed its mission.
