This document takes advantage of the provisions of GB/T 1.1 1202 long standardization working guidelines: Structure of standardized documents and drafting rules.
This document replaces the GB 18030 I 2005 "Information Technology" Chinese encoded character set compared to GB 18030 I 2005, except for structural adjustments and editorial changes, the major expansion changes are as follows:
Adding the subjects to which this document applies (see Chapter 1),
Changed the GB/I 13000 code locations corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese characters in the two-byte coding area, with the exception of 6 repetitively encoded Chinese characters and 9 repetitively encoded Chinese characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code locations were changed in the four-byte coding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
The appendix “Additional Chinese characters and headings/parts” was deleted. See appendix of the 2005 edition.
Increasing the level of achievement " (see para. 9 para.);
An informative appendix “General Standard Chinese Character Table; Code Location of Discussion Words” has been added.
Please note that some parts of this document may involve patents. The issuing body of this document assumes no responsibility for identifying patents.
This document was presented by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
Releases of this document and its superseded documents are as follows:
First published in 2000 as GB 18030 in 2000, 2005 first revision; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 I 2022
Information Expansion "Chinese Coding Character Set
1 This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of Chinese graphic characters and even binary encodings used in information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, presentation, input and output of Chinese and other text-graphic character information.
This document is applicable to technical products with information processing and exchange functions of Chinese and other text graphics characters, including but not limited to software products represented by input method, optical character recognition (OCR), editing proofreading, refurbishment, speech synthesis, text transcription, johan writing, etc., and convenience products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book reading, learning machines, etc.
2 Miscellaneous references
The contents of the following documents constitute the provisions essential to the document through normative references in the text.
Wherein, a reference file with a date, only the version corresponding to that date applies to this document; a reference file without a date, its most recent factory version (including all amendment orders) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312 I 1980 "Character Set Encoded in Chinese Characters for Information Exchange"
GB/I 11383 I 1989 Information Processing "Information Exchange with Eight-Bit Code Structures and Coding Rules
GB/Work 13000 Information Technology General Multi-Eight-Bit Encoded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terms and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 The character
An element in a set of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
The character (3.1) and its encoding are indicated.
3.3 User-defined private use area
Users using products that comply with this document may determine their own areas.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A set of specified characters (3.1) represented by the encoding character set (3.2).
3.5 The Reserved Zone
Reserved for future areas specified in this document.
GB 18030 I 2022
4 words
4.1 Overview
The characters contained in this document are encoded in single-byte, two-word, or four-byte.
The single-byte section contains all 128 characters of GB/T 11383 and 1989 0x00~0x7F.
4.3 The two-byte part
The two-byte section contains all the graphical characters in GB/T 2312 and GB/T 13000 and some of the graphical characters in 1980.
The characters of the two-byte portion shall be as specified in Appendix A.
The graphics, code locations and functions of the text descriptors shall comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 for China, Japan, Enku, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs are assigned a separate code location; Chinese characters with different sources and the same abstract glyphs are assigned a common code location.
The coded Chinese characters are called CCJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and South Korea.
4.4 Four-byte parts
The four-byte section contains 66 CJK Unified Chinese Characters in addition to the above two-byte characters (9FA6 and 9FEF, excluding 8 characters of 9FB4~9FBB), CJK Unified Chinese Characters Extension A, CJK Unified Chinese Characters Extension BCJK Unified Chinese Characters Extension C, CJK Unified Chinese Characters Extension DCJK Unified Chinese Characters Extension .CJK unifies Chinese characters with extended F and minority characters already encoded in GB/eng 13000.
The characters of the four-byte portion shall be as specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
Any representation marked with 0x before the number in the body uses the hexadecimal system, and the representation not marked with 0x uses the decimal system.
All coded representations in the appendix are in hexadecimal form and all other numbers are in decimal form.
The single-byte part adopts the encoding structure of GB/T 11383 and 1989, using 0x00~0x7F code bits.
The double-character part uses two eight-bit binary bit strings to represent a character, its first byte code bits from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the tail byte code bits are 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE, respectively.
The four-byte part uses GB/I 11383 a 1989 not used 0x30 a 0x39 as a suffix to the two-byte encoding extension, the encoding range is 0x81308130 a 0xFE39FE39.
The first word encoding range of four-byte characters is 0x81 to 0xFE; the second word encoding range is 0x30 to 0x39; the third byte encoding range is 0x81 to 0xFE; the fourth word market encoding range is 0x30 to 0x39. Namely: 0x81308130 1 0x81308139; 0x81308230 1 0x81308239 0x8130FE30 1 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 1 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c "0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 1 0xFE39FE39 .
The overall structure and code range distribution are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
Order of 6 characters
6.1 The order of parts of the word
The characters are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383 1 1989.
6.2 The order of the characters in the two-word city
The order of the characters under the two letters shall be in accordance with Appendix A.
6.3 The order of the four-letter brush part of the characters
A total of 50400 code bits from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, corresponding to all GB/T 13000 Basic Multilingual Plane characters not included in the two-byte portion, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in the GB/T13000 Basic Multilingual Plane.
A total of 1058400 code bits from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 are used for the 16 auxiliary planes corresponding to GB/T 13000, and the character order is arranged exactly in the order of the corresponding code bits of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the four-byte part characters shall be in accordance with Appendix C.
7 Allocation of seats
Allocation of the code part of the word market
The code bits of the single-byte portion are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383 and 1989.
The single-byte code bit allocation is shown in Figure 2.
Allocation of code points in the two-word part
The bit arrangement of the two-byte part is divided into 0x8140~1 0xFE7E and 0x8180 and 0xFEFE, for a total of 23940 code bits.
The two-byte code bit allocation is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 digits
Two-byte area: 846 yards
SS WA and RS Twinning Zone 3 6080 yards
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 Double byte 5 zone: 192 bits
Double-word vegetable part coding spatial structure diagram
Table 2 Positioning arrangements for the two-word segment
Range of people
Allocation of the four-word part.
The four-byte section contains Chinese characters and some minority languages.
The four-byte human code allocation is shown in Table 3.
For four-byte human code bit allocations not specified in Table 3, see 6.3.
Table 3 Positioning arrangements for the four-word segment
Scope of code
Table 3 Code bit arrangement for the four-byte part (continued)
Number of code-digit numbers
A total of 25,200 code bits from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined zones.
Other unoccupied four-byte code bits are reserved for future file extensions.
8 Explanations of characters and codes
Relative to GB 18030 in 2005, the glyphs on some code locations and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code locations have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General rules
This document specifies three levels of achievement.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Achievement level 1
Implement the CJK Unified Chinese Character (i.e., 0x82358F33 and 0x82359636) and the CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension A (i.e., 0x8139EE39 and 0x82358738).
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements of Level 1 implementation.
Note: Depending on software application requirements, Level 1 implementations may also select any one or more of the non-Chinese languages listed in Table 3.
9.3 Achievement level 2
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.
In addition, the implementation of level 2 also contains no encoded Chinese characters in the "General Specification Table of Chinese Characters } within the real level 1.
The code location and glyphs of the Chinese characters received in this document are shown in the appendix below.
System software and support software shall meet the requirements of Level 2 implementation.
Note: System software and support software includes but is not limited to operating systems, database management systems.Middleware (for information on the classification of software products, see GB/Work 36475).
9.4 Achievement level 3
Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2.
In addition, the implementation of Level 3 also contains all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kanghai header in Table 3.
Products used in government services and public services shall meet the requirements of Level 3 implementation.
Note: Government services and common service industries include, but are not limited to, rail transport.Road transport and water transport.Air transport industry, multimodal transport and transport agency industry, postal industry, monetary and financial services, insurance industry, land, management industry, health, state institutions, social security, etc. (for information on industry classification see GB/Labour 4754).
Appendix A (Normative)
Double character table
A.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of the two-byte encoded character, and gives the corresponding GB/T 13000 code location for the character.
A.2 Explanation of the table
Examples of the following:
1st byte 2nd byte low
Two-byte area 3
Second-byte high-level GBCT 13000 code location
Appendix B (Property)
Meaningful Descriptors
This appendix lists the 13 descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000 and gives their graphics.Code location and function description.
Details are given in table B.1.
Table B.1 Graphics, Code Locations, and Functional Descriptions of Text Descriptors
The code bit function description of the code bit GB/T 13000 in this file is similar and varied, and is used to express the foreign word by borrowing a word.
Left Structure
Up and Down Structure
Left-right structure.
Upper and Lower Structure
Entirely Surrounded Structure
Back to the encircled structure.
Back to the encircling structure.
Back to the Right Surrounding Structure
Back to the right-hand side of the structure.
Back to the left-hand side of the structure.
Surrounding the structure on the right.
Lease structure
Appendix C (Normative)
The Four-Word Book List
C.1 Contents of table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters, and also gives the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code but the location, other parts of the glyphs omitted.
Explanation of table C.2
Appendix D (informative)
Description of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code locations
B 18030 1 2005 specifies the locations of 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese characters in GB/I 13000, which locations are adjusted in this document as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Adjusted Code Correspondence (continued)
This document and GB 18030 2005 GB 18030 2005 corresponding to this document GB/T work 13000 digits
D.2 6 Chinese Character Elements Removed from the Two-Word Zone
Table D.2 Code locations and retained glyphs
D.3 9 CJK-Compatible Chinese Characters Removed from the Two-Character Subdivision
This document removes the nine CJK characters from GB/TI 13000 listed in GB 18030 and 2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 Removed 9 CJK-Compatible Chinese Characters and Their Code Locations
Appendix Open (informative) "General Standard Chinese Character Table" Code Location of Chinese Character
This document lists all 8,105 standard Chinese characters in the 4 General Standard Chinese Character Tables approved by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China in 2013, and their code locations and glyphs are shown in Table 1.
The order of the Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the standard Chinese characters of the 4 General Standard Chinese Character Table, serial number 1 and serial number 3500 Chinese characters are the first level Chinese characters, serial number 3501 and serial number 6500 Chinese characters are the second level Chinese characters, serial number 6501 and serial number 8105 Chinese characters are the third level Chinese characters.
Table E.1 The glyphs and code positions of Chinese characters in the Universal Standard Tables of Chinese characters
GB/Industry 4754 Classification of National Economy Industries
GB/Work 36475 Classification of Software Products
The General Normative List.State Council of the People's Republic of China (2013-23).
This manual page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone voluntarily maintains, EURo files, Info files are authoritative documents.
If there is a discrepancy between the manual page and the software, please check the Info.
If we discover that the content of this manual page is causing obvious confusion and complaints due to obsolescence, we stop publishing it.There is no other option, such as updating the Info file at the same time as updating the man manual, because other maintenance work on Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this.The GNU Project considers the man manual to be obsolete and should be used elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, refer to the Info file 'gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual.Both are from the original Texinfo file gee. from Texinfo.
Description The C and C++ compilers are integrated.They all process the input file with one or more of four steps: preprocessing, Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking).
The secondary name of the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the secondary name controls the default setting:
gcc considers preprocessed files (.i) is a c file and establishes a connection in the form of c,
G++ considers preprocessed files (.i) is a C++ file and sets a connection in the form of C++.
The secondary name of the source file indicates the language type and later operations:
.c C Source Program; Preprocessing, Compiling, Compiling
.C C++ Source Program; Preprocessing, Compiling, Compiling
.cc C++ Source Program; Preprocessing, Compiling, Compiling
. CXX C++ Source Program; Preprocessing, Compiling, Compiling
.m Objective-C Source Program; Preprocessing, Compiling, Compiling
.i Preprocessed C files; Compilation, Compilation
.ii Preprocessed C++ files; compiling, assembling
.s Compilation of language source programs; Compilation
Compilation of language source programs; Preprocessing, compilation
.h Preprocessor files; files that do not usually appear on the command line are passed to the connector (Linker).This usually includes:
.0 Object File (Object File)
.a archive file (archive file)
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process), the connection is always the last step.
At the connection stage, all correspond to the source program.e file, -1 library file, unrecognizable file name (including specified.o H-marked documents and .a library file) is passed to the connector options (OPTIONS) in the order of the command line.
The options must be given separately: de ' is completely different from '-d -r '.
Most '-=E: and '-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Only formats that are not the default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, explained in later chapters.
The Code Generation Option
General Option (Overall Option)
Make it clear that the language of the next input file is language (not the default selection obtained from the filename).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next '-x' option is encountered.Language is optional
Turn off any explicit statement of the language, so the RE AS E ' -x' option after the file is processed according to the file name).
If only a portion of the four stages (preprocessing, compiling, assembling, connecting) are operated, you can use the '-x' option (or Ah after the filename) to tell geo where to start, and the '~-c', '-s', or '-E' option to tell geo where to end.Note that certain combinations of options (e.g., '-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c compile or assemble the source file, ETER. ERA ATI By default, GCC uses ' .o 'Change source file name back level ' .EC Name of the document. You can use the -o option to select other names.GCC ignores any unrecognizable input after the -ec option.
The target document.
Stop after compilation, do not compile.
Work between different stages of the compilation process using pipelines rather than temporary files, because the compilers of those systems cannot read data from pipelines, and the GNU compiler does not have this problem, the compiler can accept the C "dialect": support for ANSI compliant C programs.
This will disable some feature keywords in GNU Cc that are incompatible with ANSI Cc, such as unix and vax, which indicate that the ANSI trigraph feature is rarely used, and disable all standard libraries available in a hosted environment, and the main function returns an int value, typically for almost all programs except the kernel.The corresponding independent environment (f£reestanding environment) does not have a standard library, and the program entry is not necessarily main, the most obvious example being the operating system kernel.See the latest information on the GCC website.
For function declarations without parameters, such as 'int foo();', are handled in the C style - i.e. without specifying the number or type of parameters. (Only for C++).
Normally, such a function foo means in C++ that the argument is empty.
The section list is removed from here to try to support some aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details, and we have removed the details so that when the content is outdated, people will not HERI.
Except for one thing: For C++ programs (not C), the ' -traditional' option has an additional effect that allows this to be assigned.
It is the same as the '-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp tries to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
In particular, the preprocessor is mentioned above, but not the other effects of the '-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers Allows the use of the '$' character in the identifier (for C++ only).
You can specify the '-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to indicate that the '$' character is not used.
(GNU C++ allows the '$' character by default on some target systems, but not on all systems.))
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion of ant type to enumeration (MEF c++).
Under normal circumstances, GNU C++ allows conversions from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal--templates generates smaller code (only in C++) for the template declaration by generating a copy of each template function only where they are defined.
To use this option successfully, you must mark '#pragma implementatio' (definition) or '#Pragma interface' (declaration) in all files that use the template.
When the program is compiled with '-fexternal-templates ', the template instantiation is of an external type.You have to make the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be done by typedef, which references every instance needed.
Correspondingly, if you use the default option '-fno-exteznal-templates' when compiling, all template instances are explicitly set to be built-in.
All member functions (except the constructor subfunctions and the mnew or delete member operators) are treated as virtual functions of their class.
This does not mean that every call to the member function will go through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch Allows the types of the second and third parameters of the conditional expression to mismatch.
The value of this expression is void.-fthis-—is-variable Allows assignment to this (only for C++).
Merging user-defined free storage management mechanisms into C++ makes the assignable 'this' look out of date.
Therefore, by default, the assignment of this within the class member function is invalid.
However, for backwards compatibility, you can make this work with the '-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char Defines char as an unsigned type, just like unsigned char.
Each machine has its own default char type. It can be either an unsigned char or a signed char.
Ideally, when relying on the symbolic nature of the data, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz.
But many programs have been written with only simple char, and the period street is a symbolic number (or unsymbolic number, depending on the target machine that wrote the program).
This option, and its antithesis, makes such a program work at the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly the same as one of them.
If the 'signed' or 'unsigned' modifier is not explicitly declared, these options are used to define a bitfield or unsigned bitfield.
By default, bitfields are symbolic because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are symbolic, however, if the '-traditional' option is specified, bitfields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants into writable data segments without special treatment.
This is to be compatible with some older programs, where changing string constants is a very bad idea, and the '-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
Impact of New Crown Pneumonia on the Drug Market
The impact could be similar to that of the 2008 economic crisis.
The global new coronavirus outbreak has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has left health services impoverished and nearly collapsed, and government-imposed restrictions have caused serious disruption in the global economy.
For the drug market, the impact of the epidemic is unclear and difficult to predict, but it could have far-reaching consequences.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs because restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers are unable to cross borders because of travel restrictions and may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and supply may change, and the ability of Governments to respond may be hampered.
The transformation brought about by new coronavirus is unprecedented, but there are lessons to be learned from past crises.
In the aftermath of the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began looking for cheaper synthetic substances and switched to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.
If governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way, interventions such as the prevention of drug use and associated risk behaviours and drug treatment services could be hit hard.
In addition, interdiction operations and international cooperation may be given lower priority, making it easier for traffickers to move.
Drug trafficking is expected to be the most directly affected in some countries where large quantities of drugs are smuggled through commercial flights.
Couriers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in carry-on backpacks or hidden in private luggage, sometimes in large quantities.With restrictions on air passenger transport imposed almost everywhere, the supply of drugs using commercial air travel could be completely disrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, trafficking using the dark web and mailing of goods is likely to increase.
In the long run, a recession and related closure measures could disrupt the drug market.
As a result of rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people are more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, develop drug use disorders and turn to illicit drug-related activities, whether production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable groups and recruit new members to grow their ranks.
As the government’s response capacity diminishes, these shifts may quickly take root and become a new reality in many communities.
Expansion and Complexity
Market growth
Population Growth Model Partly Explains Why Market Expansion
Drug use has been increasing all over the world, both in terms of overall numbers and in terms of the share of drug users in the world population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, or 4.8 per cent of the global population aged 15-64 years, while in 2018, there were an estimated 269 million drug users, or 5.3 per cent of this population.
Over the past two decades, drug abuse in developing countries has grown much faster than in developed countries.
This partly reflects the difference in overall population growth over the period, 7 per cent in developed countries and 28 per cent in developing countries, but also reflects the faster growth of the younger population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug users.
During the period 2000-2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16 per cent, while that of developed countries decreased by 10 per cent.
Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is higher in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is due in part to large-scale rural-urban migration. More than half of the world ' s population now lives in urban areas, compared with 34 per cent in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of drug markets, particularly in developing countries where urbanization is more pronounced.
Increased wealth was associated with increased drug use, but the burden of disease was borne by the poorest of the world ' s population, and drug use was more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are more strongly linked to the richer parts of the world.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthy segments of society.
However, the rate of conversion to drug use was higher among people of lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries suggest a link between harmful patterns of drug use and illness and low income.
These patterns appear to be less common among the more affluent social classes.
The economic constraints imposed by the global new coronavirus crisis are likely to exacerbate the risk of the most vulnerable, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have in the past been linked to increased drug use, an epidemic that has forced tens of millions of people out of work around the world.
The coronavirus pandemic, which could lead to further expansion of the drug market, could lead to more farmers or to illicit crop cultivation, either because the control capacity of national authorities is weakened, or because more people may have to risk their lives and engage in illicit activities during an economic crisis.
Restrictions related to New Coronavirus have led to a reduction in air and land traffic, which may have increased maritime trafficking, with a low risk of interception at sea and a higher volume than air or land smuggling.
There have been recent reports of cocaine shipments directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The availability of non-internationally controlled substances was stable, but new types of potentially harmful opioids were proliferating and the drug market was becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control.Non-medical use of drugs is also increasing rapidly.
Approximately 500 new active substances are available on the domestic market of Member States each year.
Currently, most of these are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and small amounts of opioids.
While the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportions have changed.
Of the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, opioid new psychoactive substances accounted for only 2 per cent, but by 2018 that number had risen to 9 per cent.
Many of the new opioid psychoactive substances are fentanyl analogues, whose efficacy and harm have been demonstrated, leading to overdose deaths in North America and to a lesser extent in other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used as a dopant to heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, and in the manufacture of counterfeit medicinal opioids.
Some evidence suggests that injectable stimulants are also occurring in Europe: A study of waste syringe residues in six European cities found that many syringes were contaminated with new stimulant psychoactive substances.
The use of new psychoactive substances may become entrenched in vulnerable groups
New psychoactive substances of a single class have almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among socially marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, most of which identified synthetic cannabinoid as a major challenge.
The control of precursor chemicals has forced drug makers to innovate. Many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamines, methamphetamines and “ecstasy” have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and producers have been looking for alternatives not only to less regulated substances, but also to chemicals specifically designed to circumvent controls, known as “specialized precursors”.
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of new coronavirus are likely to further squeeze drug makers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this has become a reality: a shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia was reported to have driven up methamphetamine prices in Mexico and the United States in March 2020.
The market is rapidly changing.
Synthetic Drugs Replace Opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
Opioid markets in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appear to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opioids seized by authorities in the Russian Federation decreased by about 80 per cent, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use decreased significantly.
But the doping market seems to be growing.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cassidones, including methoxyephedrone and alpha-pyrenebenzone, are now ubiquitous on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities report that the number of clandestine processing points for the manufacture of various illicit drugs has risen sharply recently, more than doubling in two years to 152 processing points in 2018.
Growth in methamphetamine markets in Afghanistan and Iraq
Investigations of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions as far back as 2012 have revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystalline methamphetamine has become another major drug of concern in addition to phenatalin and tramadol.
A 2015 study further corroborated these findings, with drug users saying cannabis is more difficult to obtain than “fenathaline” or methamphetamine.
Recently, several methamphetamine processing sites have been identified by the Iraqi authorities, and the Board has expressed concern about the large volume of imports of pseudoephedrine preparations at one methamphetamine processing site using these preparations as precursors.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacture appears to have started in 2014.
Seizures of methamphetamine have risen steadily since then.
However, seizures in the first half of 2019 amounted to 1,657 kilograms – a sharp increase compared to the previous year.
Large seizures of methamphetamine believed to have originated in Afghanistan in other countries also indicate that production in the country is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and changing trends
Most jurisdictions that legalize non-medical use of marijuana have an increasing trend in marijuana use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized the non-medical use of cannabis.
In Colorado and Washington, the two first U.S. states to pass legislation, non-medical marijuana use among adults has increased, especially in the past month and daily or almost daily use, and has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show an increase in cannabis use in Uruguay since 2011, almost doubling last month.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is the frequent and frequent use of marijuana.
Short-term data from Canada also suggests that the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019 while usage increased.
However, 40% of marijuana users still obtained certain products from illicit sources in 2019.
The reason behind the plunge in global cannabis herb seizures is the legalization of cannabis.
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, as seizures in North America declined by 84% over the past 10 years.
In contrast, seizures in the rest of the world almost doubled during the same period.The pattern of seizures shows that policies aimed at opening up the cannabis market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances appears to have a deterrent effect, and the regulatory effect of new psychoactive substances at home is still difficult to assess.
Countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased following the adoption of national legislation.
Vulnerable groups face harm from the legal and illicit drug markets. Medicinal opioids used for pain management and palliative care are distributed unevenly across regions, primarily in high-income countries.
In 2018, more than 90 percent of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50 percent are in North America, 40 percent in Europe, and another 2 percent in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12 per cent of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88 per cent of the global population, but consume less than 10 per cent of medicinal opioids.
Barriers to access to medicinal opioids are linked to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of drug use disorders, with about 35.6 million people suffering from drug use disorders in 2018.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug use disorders and exacerbate their consequences.This is confirmed by studies in high-income countries, where the adverse socioeconomic trajectory of individuals is linked not only to their condition at a certain point in time, but also to the risk of drug use.
Drug use also deepens socio-economic disadvantage and further increases the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thus fuelling a vicious cycle of disadvantage.These results may also be related to insulting attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and migrants, groups of diverse sexual orientations, people displaced by armed conflict or disaster, and people in rural settings may also be over-affected by drug use conditions or have problems accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of years of healthy life lost due to disability and premature death, the wider social impact of harmful drug use has increased over the past 10 years.
Between 2007 and 2018, global disability-adjusted life years attributed to drug use increased by 17 per cent.
The increase in disability-adjusted life-years associated with liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, was particularly high — up to 40 per cent.
The intricate relationship between drugs and violence makes it difficult to determine all the causal relationships between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data on a global scale suggest that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But in violence, alcohol seems to play a bigger role than drugs.
While drug use can lead to crime, in some cases this link can be partly attributed to multiple mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantages and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
Large-scale organized crime, including international drug trafficking, is likely to be carried out without violence if a stable criminal structure is in place.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depend less on the volume of trafficking than on certain changes that create a destabilizing balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illicit market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that weaken one group than another.
The Latest Trends
Drug-using marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most harmful.
An estimated 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most widely used drug in the world.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
But the associated hazards of opioids are overlooked because of the low number of users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017, 66 per cent were caused by such substances, and 50 per cent of the 21 million years of life lost due to disability or premature death due to drug use were caused by such substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West, Central and North Africa, the opioid crisis is exacerbated by tramadol; in North America, fentanyl.The two regions have little in common in terms of economics, demographics or general patterns of drug use, but both are struggling to fight the opioid crisis fuelled by substances that are readily available and cheap to produce.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in opioid overdose deaths over the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the U.S. involved fentanyl.
Canada reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
Part of the reason for fentanyl overdose deaths is the unpredictable efficacy of fentanyl on the illicit drug market.
In West, Central and North Africa, the market for non-medical use tramadol has grown significantly.
In the region, more and more patients with the condition are being treated with tramadol.
In 2017, the global majority of trampolines intercepted increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
But in 2018, global seizures fell to 32 tons after India passed a new law regulating tramadol.
Simplicity of manufacture and low cost of production, coupled with a lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogues or their precursors, contributed to both crises.
The crises in both regions are exacerbated by the fact that these substances are available on both the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making them more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
Increasing use of stimulants
The doping sector is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their main markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018 because of its popularity in North America and Western Europe.
Approximately 27 million people used amphetamine in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most widely used amphetamine-type stimulant in South-East Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, the use of methamphetamine has been increasing in both regions over the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting each other, with the use of one drug increasing and the use of another decreasing, sometimes increasing and decreasing simultaneously to meet the needs of the same market.
New Crown Pneumonia Increases Risk for Injecting Drug Users
It is estimated that about 11.3 million people injected drugs in 2018, and about 10 per cent of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million people who inject drugs are infected with HIV and 5.5 million people have hepatitis C.
About 585,000 people died from drug use in 2017, half of them from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and hepatitis C among injecting drug users remains largely untreated.
Opioid shortages caused by new coronavirus restrictions may result in users switching to more readily available substances, such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or mixing opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injections or inject more frequently, more harmful uses may emerge.
Redmi AirDots 2 Wireless Bluetooth Headset
Instructions for use
Product presentation
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and store it properly.
The headset itself is equipped with medium sized ear sails, if there is a feeling of discomfort to the bottom two melts small outside the machine.
01 Wearing Headphones
Slide the earplugs down slightly into the ear canal to gently tilt the headset to move at home.
When talking, pointing the headset microphone towards your mouth can make the call clearer.
When the driver changes the call, please pay attention to adjust the headset to show the microphone.
Before charging and starting use, please first tear off the left and right headset charging points, and the charging box and headset are fully charged.
Inserting a charging cable can charge the headset and the charging box at the same time.
The charging box is not full of charge charging indicator light is red, charging after full charge: 3 indicator light is extinguished.
During the charging of the headset, the headset indicator light is red, the headset is fully charged, and the headset indicator light is white after 1 minute is extinguished.
02 Charging to start
The headset is inside the charging box, and the headset automatically starts out from the charging box.
The headphones are not in the charging box and are turned off, press the multifunction key for about 1 second (the white light is on for 1 second).
Hold for about 1 second.
White light for 1 second.
Shutdown
Put it in the charging box and the headset automatically turns off.
In the power on state, long press the multi-function key for about 5 seconds (red light for 2 seconds)
Hold for about 5 seconds.
Two red lights.
03 Started using
Automatic connection: Bureau transfers two headphones from outside the charging time box.
The two lights automatically open and the white lights light up.
Then the red and white lights are six. The left and right side is connected.
Leave the left/right headset white light flickering. Open the device and search for "RedmIArDots2" and click Dissolve.
After the first connection. The device can be automatically reconnected to the last paired device (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).
Attention:
If the connection fails, put the headset back into the charging box. Repeat the above actions.
Start for about 1 second.
Headphone indicator light.
Single-ear / dual-ear free switch; two headphones are successfully connected to the dual-pin connection; put either headphone back on the charging box off, the other headphone into single-ear mode, re-remove to automatically restore dual-ear mode.
Manual connection: When the headset is off, turn the two headphones on manually. The white light turns on, then the red and white light flashes, the left and right headset automatically in series, the left / right headset white light flashes slowly, open the device Bluetooth search connection.
Replacement of earphones
If the headset is not properly connected and used, please refer to the following reset method
Headphones: Take the headphones out of the charging box, in the off state, respectively long press the two headphones multifunction keys for 15 seconds, until the red and white light alternately flashes 3 times, release and put back the charging box can (clear the headphones and mobile phone consecutive record).
04 Product accessories, user interface and other illustrations in the instructions are schematic diagrams, for reference only due to product updates and upgrades, the product physical and schematic diagram may be slightly different, please refer to the physical.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing City Forward Technology Co., Ltd.
(Milliamet Ecological Chain Company)
Address: 60 Plu Street Industrial Avenue, Copper Liang District, Chongqing City
Telephone: 400-100-5678
For more information, please contact the sales network: www micom
Filed to:V10reae
Functional points
The following functions can be operated by the headset, press the power down, answer the phone; call or call, hang up the phone music, play / pause the audio, long press about 1 second release
When calling, when refusing to listen to the phone call, switch to the headset / mobile phone to listen to Jane double tap
In a call, start/close silent mode
When standby, turn on voice assistant (requires device to support voice and turn on quick wake-up settings)
Answer the second call and switch the call.
When there is a new incoming call in a mobile phone call, click the multi-function key to hold the previous call and answer the second incoming call; double-click the multi-function key to switch two calls.
Basic Parameters
Product Name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset
Filed to:TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of earphones
Product dimensions: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single headphone)
Input parameters: 5V 2 100mA
Net weight of a single ear: about 4.1g
Battery Type: Lithium-ion Polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (accessible space environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0
Charging time: Approximately 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: Approximately 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: Approximately 150 hours
05 Observations
Warning
1 Do not remove it for any reason.Repair or modify the headset, otherwise it may cause a fire or even completely damage the product;
Do not place the equipment in a temperature that is too low or too high;
When using the device indicator light, avoid the eyes of children or animals;
Do not use the equipment in thunderstorm weather, thunderstorms can lead to abnormal operation of the equipment, and increase the risk of electric shock;
Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
Do not put this product in contact with liquids.
Attention
If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
You must choose a charger produced by a regular manufacturer that has been certified by the national CCC.
3 Long-term continuous use of the headset is loss of hearing, please reasonably control the use time and volume;
Use headphones to reduce the perception of external sounds, please do not use the headphones in environments that may threaten safety.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product dimensions: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 to 500mA
Output parameters: 5V to 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Statement
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphone Product After-Sales Service Strict
According to the "Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China" and the "Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China" to implement three-package after-sales service, the service content is as follows:
I. Guarantee policy
1 within 7 days from the day you sign, this product appears in the performance failure list of "Redmi AirDots true wireless Bluetooth headset product performance failure list", determined by Xiaomi after-sales service center testing, free to enjoy the return or exchange service;
2 Within 8-15 days from the next day of your subscription, this product appears in the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Fault Sheet", confirmed by Xiaomi after-sales service center testing, can be confirmed.
3 Within 12 months from the day after your subscription, this product appears in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure List" performance failure, determined by Xiaomi after-sales service center testing, can enjoy free maintenance service.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphone Product Performance Fault Table
Name Performance Failure
No sound is heard during use.
During the call, the other person cannot hear the sound.
Unable to charge.
07 Non-Guarantee Regulations
1 Unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, inadvertent, minor use, fluid intake, accident, alteration, improper use of non-product accessories or tearing, painting alteration, anti-counterfeiting markings;
2 has exceeded the validity period of three packages;
(3) Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Non-compliant with performance failures listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphone Product Performance Failure List
5 Human-caused causes this product and its accessories to produce performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphone Product Performance Failure Chart
Name and content of hazardous substances in products
Hazardous substances are prepared in accordance with SJ/T 11364.
A: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit for refugee policy debate, EU officials: reception process step by step bottlenecks
EU summit bickering over refugee policy, EU officials: bottlenecks at every step of the reception process
At the latest EU summit on the day, European Commission President von der Leyen said EU leaders had agreed to a stricter policy on illegal immigration to make it easier to deport illegal migrants.
The move is reportedly a response to growing concerns about illegal immigration in Europe, where the core problem is the small number of illegal migrants who can ultimately be repatriated.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to “immediately mobilise substantial EU funds” to strengthen the external borders, including by means of infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and member states have been arguing over issues such as the payment of fencing costs.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly said that EU funds will not cover the costs.
But diplomats from some member states say that if the EU were to share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along its external borders, it would free up national budgets to speed up the construction process.
EU officials have acknowledged bottlenecks at every step of the process, limited reception capacity and overburdened immigration authorities in member states to prevent refugees from submitting “numerous” asylum applications in EU countries, and the EU’s refugee reception system is in a near-permanent crisis.
The European Commission estimates that the EU’s Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, almost half the year before.
At the same time, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
The summit also agreed on a “principle” according to which EU countries can return illegal migrants on the basis of a court decision of another member state.
EU leaders also agreed to “increase the use of the concept of safe states,” which would pave the way for the EU to develop a common list.
(Source: Global Times Author: Yu Yu Fei)
U.S. upgrades "chip war" to severely hit the global semiconductor industry
Recently, the U.S. against China "chip war" has escalated - first, the Netherlands and Japan under pressure from the United States, agreed to start the control of exports of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; then foreign media reports, the U.S. government is considering cutting off all ties between U.S. suppliers and Huawei companies, prohibiting U.S. suppliers to provide any product to Huawei; the Biden government is also preparing to release an executive order to limit U.S. investment in sensitive Chinese technology industry...
In recent years, the United States has never stopped fighting China's "core" development action, while precisely suppressing China's semiconductor production supply chain, while building a "de-Chinese" semiconductor industry chain alliance, and trying to completely "dump" China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to attract South Korea to establish a "technical alliance", or establish a chip "quartet alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan region of China, or establish a semiconductor industry chain "small circle" through mechanisms such as the US-Japan-Australia "Quartet Mechanism" "Indo-Pacific Economic Framework", the United States through the politicization, campaigning, weaponization means to introduce the semiconductor industry, trying to build a closed production supply chain cycle led by the United States, so as to make up its shortcomings in the chip manufacturing field and maintain its dominant position in the global chip industry.
However, the much-vaunted "core tactic" of the United States against China is also "harm the enemy a thousand self-damage eight hundred."
Recently, Pan Lin Group, a well-known US chip manufacturing equipment supplier, announced that affected by the latest round of ban on the export of chip manufacturing equipment to China, the group will lay off 1,300 full-time employees, and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
Global lithography giant Dutch Asma Holdings recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to higher semiconductor prices.
After the U.S. government's brutal crackdown on China's chip and semiconductor industries, many U.S. companies have suffered, including developers of electronic design automation tools, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, chip manufacturers themselves, and so on.
The United States so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry, but dragged the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain down the water.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has long formed a closely related global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professional estimates, based on the specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross national borders more than 70 times, reaching 100 days.
Although the U.S. semiconductor industry has a strong base, it is weak in manufacturing capacity, especially in advanced process processes, and relies heavily on the East Asian region.
Even if the United States vigorously guides the advanced chip production supply chain to the US-led "small circle" regional development, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor-related industries are difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously "restructured" and "de-Chinaization" semiconductor industry chain, which has severely affected the global semiconductor industry.
Chip is the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry is inseparable from the joint participation of countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively introducing the Innovation and Competition Act, the 2022 United States Competition Act, and the Chip and Science Act, using scientific and technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leadership; "Enwei" to its allies, luring chip manufacturing enterprises such as Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other to set up factories in the United States, and striving to ensure the global leadership of the United States in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created problems for the development of China's chip industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
But in the long run, the United States hysterically suppressed, but forced China's chip industry to continue to break through, let itself lose the huge Chinese market, ultimately greatly weakening the innovation willingness and innovation ability of U.S. science and technology enterprises, harming the development of the global chip industry.
High Joe
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products on sale can only be held for 360 days
The first personal pension products are sold.
7 products of the home institution can be held for a minimum of 360 days
Personal pension products are finally online.
On February 10, China Financial Network released the first batch of personal pension wealth management products list, and seven personal pension wealth management products of Industrial Bank, Agricultural Bank and China Post were officially released.
At this point, the "shelf" of the individual pension account finally gathered four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension financial management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension fund.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension wealth management products, all of which are public net worth open products, including 5 new products, 2 existing products, in addition to 1 product for mixed products, the remaining 6 products are fixed income products.
Beijing Youth Daily reporter saw that 4 of the 5 new products from the industry bank financial management, all are fixed income products, the minimum holding period is 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, respectively, the corresponding performance comparative benchmark (annualized) is 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, 5.25% - 5.75%, respectively.
The remaining one of the new products is "Post Bank Fortune Zhang Hongjin shortest holding 1,095 days", is also a fixed income product, began to raise on February 10th, ended on February 19th, the risk level is level two.
Of the two surviving products, one is only agricultural bank financial management "Agricultural bank concentric and agile" 360-day science and technology innovation RMB wealth management products, the investment nature of the mixed category, the risk level is three.
Another surviving product is "Postal Bank Fortune Chu Hongjin Shortest Hold 365 Days No. 1", fixed income type, began to be raised on December 30 last year, officially operated on January 4 this year, February 8 cumulative net worth of 1.0011.
According to the Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Pensions, the financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund accounts include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, and public funds.
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products was launched, marking that individual pension investors can officially purchase wealth management products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the Bank and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Provisional Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Financial Management Companies.
The "Measures" stipulates that participants can purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management products, personal pension insurance products, personal pension fund products through personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the three departments of the Ministry of People and Social Affairs, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice, clarifying the implementation of the individual pension system in Beijing, Tianjin, as well as Hebei Shijiazhuang, Xionhan New District, and Shanxi Jin City.
By the end of 2022, the number of individual pension participants was 19.54 million, the number of contributors was 6.13 million, and the total amount of contributions was 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three categories of personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension fund.
Nowadays, after the personal pension wealth management products are gathered, how should investors choose?
Experts from the R&D Department of Money Management Products said that compared with other personal pension products, the pilot phase of the pension management products and personal pension management products have three characteristics.
The first is robustness, the risk management mechanism is more sound, the investment strategy and concept is more robust, and the implementation of non-parent third-party independent custody.
The second is long-term, the duration of the pilot phase pension wealth management products are 5 years or more, the next issue of personal pension wealth management products, the minimum holding period in principle is 1 year, encourage holding more than 3 years.
Third, inclusiveness, product purchase threshold is low, the starting point is generally 1 yuan, some as low as 0.01 yuan, product hosting fees, management fees and other rates are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have long term, high interest rate, high security characteristics, suitable for people with weak risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection, more suitable for people who can not bear investment risk, can accept stable income; and personal pension wealth management products and public fund products do not guarantee income, there are certain investment risks, but the expected return is higher, suitable for people with certain financial knowledge, high risk tolerance.
Article / Journalist Cheng Tian Co-ordinator / Ike Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust - China New Network
Another “massive” gym?
Recently, the issue of defending the rights of fitness members in well-known fitness institutions has caused social concern.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally, and subsequently, rumors about the institution's failure and closure caused panic among members, leading to public security, human and social departments to intervene.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the institution responded, promising to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm was quelled.
Some of the stores of individual fitness institutions have operating problems, temporarily closed, consumers can calmly and wait for the problem to be solved, why many members of the first reaction is "big things are bad"?
Behind the turmoil of fitness club members is the deep problem of the crisis of trust in the industry.
Domestic traditional gyms generally adopt the prepaid model, "earning money that users do not come" is the underlying logic of its development.
Through the pre-sale of membership cards to obtain cash flow, keep opening new stores, seemingly able to cycle back and forth, in fact, to eat bread, can not form a stable profit model.
Negative information in the industry such as gym running often comes out, causing a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the perspective of the market, the gym is of course a good business with "money way".
Although the fitness track has ups and downs, it has always been concerned by capital.
A number of data show that the heat of the fields such as style consumption continues to climb, and the market continues to warm up.
Specifically to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of the living standards of residents, the concept of healthy living has deepened the hearts of the people, and the development of the fitness industry has great potential.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, individual institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, just came out of the crisis, and blew the trumpet of Qingjiang territory, and put a brain into the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that in recent years affected by the epidemic, many institutions withdrew, the industry was reshuffled, and strong enterprises at this time selectively increased the acquisition, reorganization, did not try is not a new opportunity.
However, if the development of the fitness market wants to enter a virtuous circle and step up the steady road, the industry must change the traditional model and change the business strategy.
Only by steadily playing, re-establishing consumer confidence and security, can we really win the market and win the future.
Compared with the new store to seize the market, the current need for the fitness industry is to sink the heart to optimize services, with high-quality development to stabilize users.
First of all, we need to retain users.
Gym belongs to the service industry, its essence is to adhere to "user-oriented", to closely revolve around user needs, focus on service improvement and upgrading.
Second, we need to rely on digital transformation to improve the user experience.
For example, the current popular Internet gym model, which allows users to pay and choose the venue by themselves.
At the same time, physical data and movement data can be effectively utilized, but also can meet social needs and realize complete closed-loop services from online to offline.
Without private education promotion, without a huge annual card, users' worries about the "runway" of fitness institutions are reduced, and the sense of trust is improved.
It is also important to actively explore diversity.
Today, sports consumption has gone from a single service to scene consumption, fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption, around the sports supplies and fitness equipment needed for fitness or will become a new profit point, providing consumers with a richer choice.
Ginger is proud
Buy the difference!
Nanjing real estate market reproduces "difference payment" - China New Network
Yangzhi Evening News (reporter Ma Xiaobo) Yangzhi Evening News / Violet Bull News reporter 10 found in an interview, more than ten years unseen "price guarantee agreement" returned to the Nanjing property market, located in Jiangbei New District a real estate declared "difference payment", in the sale of other properties before the offer is greater than the previous discount, developers are willing to buy a house for exchange and refund the difference.
“Price Agreement” is a lot.
The property is located in the new district of Jiangbei named Paulyangzhi Yuntai, the landlord Mr. Sun told reporters that he found a "statement" when he visited the property last weekend.
The photo he sent to the reporter shows that the developer of the real estate promised, where the purchase of housing between February 1 and February 28, from the date of the purchase and sale contract to the corresponding housing delivery, if the project's other housing discount is greater than the previous purchase discount (limited to the commercial housing belongs to the same family, the same building, the same unit, the same property type of other unsold commercial housing), the developer can exchange for the home buyer and refund the difference.
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually a "price guarantee agreement", the purpose is to let buyers rest assured, do not worry about the development of the enterprise price reduction promotion, "now afraid to buy it will reduce the price, go to the sale of the building no time, do not worry, do not worry".
There are also many home buyers who believe that the "price guarantee agreement" is to give home buyers a "calm pill", but the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who intends to buy a house in Jiangbei, said that the guaranteed price of the house is first of all to the same family type, but also have to be in the same building, the same unit, buyers can compare the price of the house few, so the "threshold" is still quite high.
There are also buyers who believe that due to asymmetry of information, it is not excluded to give additional concessions when selling, and the difficulty of buyers to "defend their rights" is not small.
Buying a home remains to be seen.
Reporters in Nanjing online real estate enquiry learned that the property led the two buildings in November last year, a total of 252 units of sales license, the household area has 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., and the average price of the full renovation license is 39843 yuan / m2.
However, more than two months past, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold sets of the building is 157 sets, accounting for 62.3%, of which the 8th building total 128 sets, the number of unsold sets reached 113 sets, the 124 sets of the 7th building also have 44 sets unsold, the total number of sets of the project is only 33 sets, accounting for only 13%.
According to market people, the "price guarantee agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, in order to attract the attention of buyers, the Yokotang Xiyuan building on Hexiang Road launched the "price guarantee plan", the specific content is "the company solemnly promised, if the project concessions expanded within a year, the resulting difference, the company will return the difference to the old owners".
Since then, in April 2011, nine real estate properties in Nanjing have taken out some of the properties promised to "pay the difference".
“The housing market is recovering, and at this time a needle of ‘strengthening agent’ is needed.
Mr. Shen, a senior manager of the Nanjing real estate industry, said that the "price guarantee agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of housing enterprises."
He believes that today’s development companies need more confidence than buying houses, and the launch of the “price guarantee agreement” is actually giving it a boost.
As for whether to keep buyers, he said it depends on the influence of multiple factors such as regulatory policies, loan thresholds and other, for now it remains to be seen.
Multiple data recessions, Taiwan's economy performs poorly at the beginning of the year
Xinhua News Agency TAIPEI, Feb. 11 (Reporters Zhao Bo, Huang Yang) export trade volume is "five black", the manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) has contracted for seven consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has also seen "three words"... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have released economic data in January 2023.
Expert analysis believes that Taiwan's economy has performed poorly in the beginning of the year, and growth pressure is not small.
According to the financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan's exports in January this year of 31.1 billion U.S. dollars, a year-on-year decrease of 21.2%, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
Exports of the 11 major export categories were in recession compared to the same period last year.
Plastic rubber, its products and optical equipment fell the deepest, with an annual decrease of 37.6% and 35.7%, respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1% per year, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, the annual decrease of 18.3%, the largest decline in 14 years.
Tsai Mina, head of the department's statistics department, said that this shows the weak effect of the consumer electronics industry spread, and the electronics industry entered the revision period.
Statistics show that Taiwan's imports and exports fell in January, with an excess amount of only $2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
Taiwan's financial affairs department believes that global terminal demand has decreased, industry inventory adjustment inhibits manufacturers' willingness to buy materials, export decline is unlikely to improve in the short term, Taiwan's export recession in the first quarter of this year is likely to be higher than expected.
According to Taiwan's China Economic Research Institute, Taiwan's manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) in January this year was 40.4%, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, tightening for seven consecutive months.
In the system of economic monitoring indicators, the PMI is 50% as the growth and death line, and the index is greater than 50%, which represents the expansion of the economic climate, and vice versa, contraction.
Among the five components of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders, production and labor tightened, supplier delivery times fell, and inventory tightened.
All six major industries returned PMI contraction, each industry ranked according to the speed of contraction as the power and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), the electronics and optical industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotech medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw materials industry (42.4%), the transportation industry (42.6%), and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the Taiwanese authorities' "Comptroller General" announced that in January this year, the annual growth rate of Taiwan's CPI was 3.04%, breaking 3%, since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared by 28.25%, reaching a 17-month high.
Tao Zhihong, special commissioner of the "Comptroller General" admitted that the increase in food prices did exceed expectations, excluding the Spring Festival factor, in January and February this year the average CPI should be close to the 2.71% of December last year, inflation pressure is still present, and still at a high point.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, and summarizing the island's media reports such as "Union News" and "Yahoo Finance", experts expressed pessimism.
Wu Da Ren, a professor at the Department of Economics of Taiwan's "Central University", analyzed that the export recession may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturing manufacturers, and the risk of debt default rises.
At the same time, decreasing orders have led manufacturers to cut labor costs, impacting the labor market and household economy, and in turn impacting consumption capacity.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, believes that this year's inflation situation in Europe and the United States remains unclear, demand continues to shrink, and it is expected that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half of the year.
Because Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, affected by the export downturn, economic growth throughout the year will be worse than last year.
"An important engine of global recovery" - China New Network
“In response to the impact of the new coronavirus epidemic, the Chinese economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Spain’s well-known expert on China issues and honorary adviser of China Policy Observation Network Julio Rios said in an interview with this newspaper that the current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
Rios said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China calmly responded with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully reflecting its economic resilience and management level.
While China has steadfastly expanded its opening-up to the outside world, the intrinsic driving force of economic development is constantly increasing, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing together.
The two national meetings of China are held every year, on behalf of the members to discuss the national development plan and discuss the hot issues of people's livelihood, broad consensus, people's hearts and wisdom, and add strength to China's development.
“Since reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term and high-speed development and has now entered the stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to China's wisdom and China's plan, and looks forward to China's development bringing new opportunities to the world.
Rios said that China is making every effort to promote scientific and technological innovation, injecting new impetus into economic and social development, “investment of capital, talent training, policy incentives, which will keep China full of vitality in the new five-year plan.”
For Rios, reforming the economic system is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has played both the advantages of the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system, and has taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Around the strategic base of expanding domestic demand, increasing financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of private, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, adhering to innovation and development, promoting employment, improving the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meeting the people's multi-level diversified consumption needs... China's complete, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development concept, focusing on promoting high-quality development, and building a new development pattern, will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the “Belt and Road” initiative.
“Stable economic recovery after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine of global recovery.
Rios said that he looked forward to working together to build the "Belt and Road" cooperation to continue to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of countries and strengthening connectivity in various fields, and continue to release greater momentum."
(Newspaper of Madrid)
(People's Daily Reporter)
Report: The number of foreign students returning to China to seek employment in 2022
Top 10 Countries for Returning Students to Study in 2022: China Returned Employment Survey Report 2022
BEIJING, February 11 (Xinhua) recently released the "2022 China Returning Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "report") shows that in 2022, the number of new international students increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of returning international students seeking employment is again at a record high, and the demand for overseas talents of Chinese enterprises is also on the rise.
The report pointed out that since 2020, the number of returnees seeking employment in China has increased significantly, and the number of recent international students returning home seeking employment has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of incoming international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of returning international students seeking employment is a record high.
In terms of the country distribution of returning students looking for work, the UK accounted for the highest proportion at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), ranking in line with 2021.
From the year-on-year growth rate, the number of recent international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore in 2022 increased significantly year-on-year, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7%, respectively.
The number of recent students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia decreased year-on-year.
The Supply and Demand Trend of Returnees in the First Week After the Spring Festival of 2023 Source: 2022 China Returnees Employment Survey Report
According to the survey, 58% of the international students who decided to return home believe that "life at home is more convenient", 40% decided to return home because of "more identification with the domestic cultural environment", 32% believe that "domestic employment opportunities" and 22% believe that domestic economic activity will accelerate recovery and gain more employment opportunities.
The data show that the current demand of domestic enterprises for overseas talents is rapidly released, and the demand for returning talents is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival of 2023, the number of priority jobs for returnees and the number of returnees seeking employment in the country have risen, with the number of priority jobs for returnees increasing by 11% compared to January 28, and the number of returnees seeking employment increased by 27%.
From the industry point of view, in 2022, the number of jobs from the education/training industry accounted for 27.8%, ranking first, professional services/consulting, Internet/e-commerce industry with 14.3%, 11.1%, respectively.
Changes in the number of returnees seeking employment in China in recent years Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
From the perspective of remuneration, the average recruitment salary for return priority positions rose for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan/month from 13,719 yuan/month in 2021, an increase of 7%.
Regionally, the willingness of returnee groups to go to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier cities and below in 2022 has improved, with deliveries accounting for 31%, 15.7% and 14.3% respectively, which are higher than in 2021.
For the harvest of studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said that they basically met expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year (49.9%).
28.2 per cent of returnees said they were higher or much higher than expected, up from 25.4 per cent in 2021.
(Finished)
Half the cost or more?
Henan Province Standardizes and Integrates Oral Cultivation Medical Service Prices - China New Network
Dental implantation is the ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of tens of thousands of yuan has made many patients discouraged.
Since this year, with the acceleration of planting tooth collection, the price of planting teeth has also been put on the agenda.
From February 10, Henan Province's single conventional dental implantation medical service price control target is 4,300 yuan, single conventional implantation full process cost is not higher than 97% of the regulatory target.
Tooth implantation refers to a method of repairing missing teeth based on a lower structure implanted in bone tissue that supports and anchors the upper dental prosthesis.
The reporter learned from the first affiliated hospital of Zhengzhou University that taking a single conventional planting as an example, from planting to the final repair, the price is about 167,000 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that a situation like me is almost more than 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, basically can save half.
On the basis of the current project, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 oral implantation medical service price projects such as "implantation fee (single)" and unified formulation of provincial public medical institution prices and medical insurance payment categories, canceled or adjusted 20 medical service price projects such as dental implantation.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Medical Price and Tender Procurement Department of Zhengzhou City Medical Security Bureau: the main beneficiaries are the four sides, one is medical insurance, medical insurance spending is less; the hospital occupancy is less, patients will be appropriately increased; for suppliers to get a market; for our patients is the most profitable party, the cost of implanting a tooth may have to be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the First and World Leading Ultra-fast Pioneer City in China
According to the "Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology" WeChat public number 10 news, the Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology Bureau recently issued the "Shenzhen City Rapid Pioneer Urban Construction Action Plan
Among them, it is proposed that by the end of 2023, build a high-speed, high-capacity, low-latency super-broadband network, achieve the goal of "double gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, everything Internet" network construction, and build the first and the world's leading ultra-fast pioneer city in China.
The plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-light industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The plan calls for a comprehensive improvement in the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and formulate Shenzhen 5G network service quality standards, carry out 5G network test and evaluation, and improve the quality of 5G network service.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, add 10,000 new 5G base stations throughout the year, the city's average download rate reached 500Mbps, the uplink rate reached 100Mbps, the key areas download rate reached 1000Mbps, the uplink rate reached 200Mbps, and the network rate and user experience greatly improved.
Build high-quality urban-level wireless local area networks.
Develop wireless local area network (WLAN) service specifications for public places, promote the upgrading of local WLANs with intensive personnel and information consumption needs in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capacity.
Relying on the "Deep Internet" to build the city's public wireless local area network unified certification supervision platform, realize "one-time certification, senseless roaming, intelligent switching", support the operating entity to incorporate the social self-built AP (wireless access point) with public service capabilities into the certification supervision platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgrade access APs will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality all-light capacity network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve the Internet application service capabilities.
The plan is clear and cooperatively build the IoT perception system.
Exploring on the basis of "open source Hongmong" operating system, build a management model of urban perception terminal construction, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of urban-level IoT perception platform, promote urban IoT platform, professional IoT platform network and data interconnection in various fields.
Deepen the application of IoT perception in urban management, people's livelihood services, public safety, transportation and other fields, and expand fixed perception such as urban roads, buildings, public facilities and mobile perception acquisition channels such as intelligent connected cars.
By the end of 2023, the number of IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, creating 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects.
The plan also mentioned strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communication applications, laying out low-altitude network infrastructure construction, and promoting the deep coverage of maritime 5G networks.
At the same time, we will promote the deep coverage of maritime 5G networks, build an ecosystem of industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top events and events.
(New Finance)
China's e-commerce industry has emerged "new variables", how to bring goods to do "content is king"?
- The New Network
China's e-commerce industry has emerged "new variables", how to deliver goods to do "content is king"?
New Financial Reporter Chabin
“It was late for us to enter e-commerce, but we realized from the beginning that content was important to stand out from the millions of stores.
"Fang Fang, a "post-90" girl from Guangdong, now operates a nourishing food store in Tixin e-commerce, so that an online store with more than 30 years of history "bloom" online.
Imitation of the old Hong Kong film shade, with classic Cantonese songs, open @Fangfang one person eating trembling account, exquisite video refreshing.
At the recent "search for peers and high-quality content sharing special event", Fang Fang spoke as a representative of high-quality creators, introducing the experience and experience of daily creation.
She said at the scene: "The carefully polished video has garnered the attention of many netizens, many people are interested in my home's ingredients, want to follow the food together, the sales immediately opened.
”
Fang Fang relied on the soup video to make more people fall in love with the "old taste", a live broadcast sold up to 300,000 moisturizing ingredients, saving the family's old store that was on the verge of closure.
"No content, no e-commerce", with the continuous development of short video and live e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early development of live delivery, live broadcasts often attract users with low price discounts, and the price advantage seems to have become the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there are both Liu Xianhong, Oriental selection and other phenomena, and there are many non-publicly known experts and merchants in the field of vertical segmentation, they continue to create high-quality content in line with their brand tone, improve long-term operating benefits.
Gao Yashen, the head of the author's operation, said that in the past year, 6.27 million creators through Yashen will monetize content, their content creation increased by 252%, and the total turnover has more than doubled.
“Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving and vibrant author ecosystem.
“Goyuan said.
Beijing Normal University Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform previously released the "Electronic Commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report", from the data dimension to analyze the importance of "new variables" in the current e-commerce industry - high-quality content, the application of the index to the domestic 27 mainstream e-commerce platform content ecological situation has been evaluated.
According to the above-mentioned report of the e-commerce industry content ecological health index ranking, Tixing e-commerce, fast hand, Taobao, Ping Dots, Jingdong ranked in the top five.
The report believes that e-commerce industry content ecology is a comprehensive concept, is to integrate e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user original content) is integrated with e-commerce high-quality carrier, the higher the value of the content platform, consumption and promotion of the scene is more and more rich, the possibility of e-commerce implantation is higher, the business value is stronger, this public and private sector gradually integrated distribution of e-commerce content production and content consumption ratio will be higher.
At the scene, Professor of the School of News and Communication at Beijing Normal University and Chairman of the Professional Committee for Media Economy and Management Zhao Guoming made an analytical interpretation of the report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to the "consumer quality" stage, and high-quality, professional and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, the content has become the fundamental and grabber of the new stage of e-commerce development, knowledge payment, professional knowledge, KOL (key opinion leaders) and other PGC content began to become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking ahead to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Guo Ming put forward two proposals.
One is from the perspective of improving the content structure, promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content, create positive content creation and management standards, and achieve the e-commerce industry content ecological health system index and dynamic balance.
The other is from the external ecological point of view, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
"The future e-commerce industry also needs more data and artificial intelligence support to form a forecast for the future development stability; in addition, to provide more standardized and healthy growth space for merchants, to realize the value synergy of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and create a healthy content ecology.
“(Finished)
North Exchange Financing Bond Trading Business Starts Next Week - China New Network
This news (reporter Sun Jie) last night, the BSE released the news, approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Securities Exchange financing bond trading business will be officially launched on February 13, when the BSE financing bond trading rights securities companies can accept the investor's commission, to the BSE financing bond trading declaration.
The list of shares subject to the first 56 financing bonds was determined on January 31, 2023, as the base date for calculation.
The BSE said that the list of shares covered by the financing bond and the list of securities eligible for the margin will be published through the "Information Disclosure - Information on Financing Bond" section of the BSE official website to facilitate investors' inquiries.
Financing debt securities are an important basic system of the securities market, but also a more mature way of trading in the international securities market.
On September 2, last year, on the occasion of the announcement of the first anniversary of its establishment, the BSE publicly solicited opinions on the financing bond business.
The launch of the financing bond trading on the North Exchange is an important measure to continue to promote the construction of the North Exchange market system, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The financing bond system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting the needs of investors for diversified trading, promoting market price discovery, and further improving market liquidity.
In the next step, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the BSE will continue to do a good job of safeguarding the financing securities business, enrich the trading system tools guided by investor needs, improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, and focus on building a first-class exchange serving innovative SMEs.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing by He Li Feng to attend the main forum and deliver a keynote speech.
Xinhua News Agency BEIJING, February 11 (Xinhua) -- On February 11, the 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing by combining online and offline.
Any member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and head of the National Development and Reform Commission attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that the holding of this forum is an important initiative to implement the consensus reached at the Bangkok meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Funeo Kishida and strengthen China-Japan green development cooperation.
China will comprehensively implement the spirit of the 20th Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of the development mode, deepen the promotion of environmental pollution prevention and control, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and securely promote carbon to peak carbon neutrality, jointly promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, expansion of green and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation-intensive and green low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue deepening cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people exchanges, and promote green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japan's Minister of Economy and Industry Kazuo Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Industry and Japan-China Economic Association, including the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, the intelligentization of automobile electrification, hydrogen energy, and medium- and long-term trade.
Representatives of governments, enterprises and institutions from China and Japan exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team in Turkey has rescued 4 trapped people
According to the news on the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on the 11th, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team that is searching for and rescue in Turkey sent three operational detachments, 45 rescue personnel, and rescued one trapped person.
At the same time, two search and evaluation teams were sent to assess 15 buildings on Vodabash Avenue.
So far, four trapped people have been rescued, five victims have been searched and 25 buildings have been subjected to life signs and risk assessments.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue scene, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work.
The rescue team obtained information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, United Nations relief organizations, and verified one by one through various ways such as online enquiries and on-site searches.
Brief the rescue team in Hong Kong, China, on the current rescue environment and the collapse of buildings, and conduct joint search operations.
At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team, while sending three team members to participate in the work of the 5th Regional Rescue Coordination Center, to communicate with many teams from Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman and other countries, to understand the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organizations and national rescue teams.
Rescue teams continue to strengthen security management and team protection, in accordance with the principle of "unified command, safety first", strengthen rescue scene safety control, strengthen rescue work discipline requirements, and clarify safety precautions.
Continuous operation of the rotational standby and sentry work system to strengthen security management in the camps.
The medical personnel of the rescue team provide medical examination services for the team members every day, strengthen the medical security of key personnel, and at present the rescue team is in good health and carry out camp killings.
Since the establishment of the camp, the logistics support team has built a total of 26 field tents such as command and communication, equipment storage, medical cleaning, living accommodation and kennels, ensuring more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.
Xinhua News Agency Commentator: Advancing Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - Four important speeches by General Secretary Xi Jinping in learning to implement the 20th spiritual seminar of the Party - China Xinhua Network
Xinhua News Agency BEIJING, Feb. 11 (Xinhua News Agency) - Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - Four things profoundly understand the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping in learning to implement the 20th spiritual seminar of the Party
Xinhua commentator
"Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires comprehensive consideration, systematic planning, overall promotion, and properly handle a series of major relationships such as top-level design and practice exploration, strategy and strategy, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and openness to the outside world.
At the opening ceremony of the Central Committee of New Progress, members, alternate members and leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial level to learn to implement Xi Jinping’s socialist ideas with Chinese characteristics and the 20th spirit of the Party in the new era, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization construction, and systematically clarified a series of major relationships that need to be dealt with in practice, providing a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
The promotion of Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, ecological civilization, etc., and all aspects of relations and government, domestic diplomacy and national defense, both to do a good system planning, but also to be courageous in reform and innovation, and to continuously achieve the overall promotion.
To carry out top-level design, it is necessary to have a deep insight into the overall development trend of the world, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, in-depth exploration of the laws of economic and social development, so that the formulated planning and policy system reflects the nature of the times, grasp the regularity, be creative, and achieve far-reaching integration, upstream and downstream consistency, and content coordination.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored in practice, through reform and innovation to promote the development of the cause, must not fight for the sword, keep the rabbit.
The strategic question is a fundamental question of a political party, of a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must enhance the forward-looking nature of the strategy, foresee the future and lead the future with a scientific strategy; we must enhance the overall nature of the strategy, focusing on solving the major problems that concern the rise and fall of the party and the state cause, and take the whole body in one go; to enhance the stability of the strategy, once the strategy is formed, we must adhere to it for a long time, grasp it to the end, and do good.
It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical unity of strategy and strategy, organically combine the principles of strategy and the flexibility of strategy, flexible maneuvering, random strain, ad hoc decision, and grasp the strategic initiative in accordance with local conditions, according to the trend, according to the home trend.
The Chinese nation is an innovative nation.
To handle the relationship between correctness and innovation, both to guard the essence and source, roots and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, to ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also to put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively understand and change, vigorously promote reform and innovation, constantly shape the development of new dynamic and new advantages, fully stimulate the whole society to create vitality.
Efficiency is an important foundation of fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee of efficiency.
We must promote Chinese-style modernization, not only to create greater efficiency than capitalism, but also to more effectively safeguard social equity, and better achieve the balance, promotion and unification of efficiency and equity.
We must deal with the relationship between efficiency and equity, and continuously achieve development for the people, development depends on the people, and development results are shared by the people, so that the achievements of modernization and construction benefit the whole people more and more equitably.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we need to deal with the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both dynamic and stable and orderly.
We must coordinate the two major issues of development and security, implement the overall concept of national security, improve the national security system, enhance the capacity to maintain national security, and firmly safeguard the security of the state regime, institutional security, ideological security and security in key areas.
Not only do we pay more attention to security factors in development, enhance national security strength through development, use development results to consolidate the foundation of national security, but we are also good at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, constantly stimulating development vitality, and achieving a virtuous interaction of high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only adhere to our own path, but also expand our world vision, adhere to openness to the outside world, and constantly expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must insist on independence and self-reliance, insist on putting national and national development on the basis of our own strength, and insist on firmly grasping the fate of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
It is necessary to continuously expand the high level of opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the Chinese-style modern development space, share development opportunities and create a better future in mutual benefit and win-win.
Follow the path to go far.
Under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and under the guidance of Xi Jinping’s new era of socialist ideas and science, let us grasp the law and persevere, give full play to our enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, properly handle a series of major relationships, strive hard to build a new journey towards the comprehensive construction of a socialist modern country, and continuously open up new horizons of Chinese-style modernization.
The Biden administration on Friday blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program.
The U.S. Commerce Department said the five Chinese companies and a research institute were helping to modernize China’s military, especially aerospace programs, including airships and aircraft.
Blacklisted companies have a hard time gaining access to U.S. technology exports.
The list is called an “entity list,” and companies on it will not be able to purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The companies included in the blacklist are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group 48th Institute, Dongguan Lingang Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Hawkman Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhai Xiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Hawkman Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
The White House said it was considering broader measures to “disclose and address” China’s larger surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident sparked further tensions between China and the United States, with U.S. Secretary of State Brinkin cancelling a trip to China.
The United States shot down the balloon on February 4, and the Chinese government made a solemn representation to the U.S. Embassy in China, criticizing the efforts and processes of the United States that have seriously impacted and damaged the stabilization of China-U.S. relations between the two sides.
Based on existing evidence of the wreckage and information from Chinese military procurement platforms, the U.S. government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon was “directly related to the People’s Liberation Army” and a Chinese military-approved supplier.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and clarified its position on the incident of an unmanned Chinese airship into U.S. airspace due to force majeure.
According to the Department of Foreign Affairs website, she added that the relevant resolutions of the U.S. Congress were purely political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied and resolutely opposed to this.
Matthew Axelrod, Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Enforcement, said: “Today’s action demonstrates our joint efforts to identify and stop China’s use of spy balloons that violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
”
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou’s Tianhai Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was unaware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not yet commented on the information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© Voice of Germany Copyright Notice 2023: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Voice of Germany.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and will be criminally prosecuted.
Days after the quake struck parts of Turkey and Syria, hope of finding survivors fading, but a family of five rescued on Saturday was heartening to search and rescue workers.
The family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days in the town of Nurdai, a hard-hit district of Ghazi-antap province, according to the Associated Press.
Rescuers first pulled the mother and daughter from the rubble and then found the father, but he insisted on rescuing his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, cheers were heard in the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahraman Marash, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old wife were also successfully rescued in harsh and cold weather conditions.
“What day is it today?
“The teenager, who had been trapped for 129 hours under the rubble, asked the rescuers to rescue him after being brought back to the ground.
A man in Kahraman Marash holds a cat he just rescued
Miraculously successful rescues have brought a glimmer of light to an already hopeless search-and-rescue effort, but at the same time, the number of casualties has risen.
According to official statistics, Monday’s quake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated at more than 3,500.
Although experts say people can survive at most for more than a week after being trapped in the rubble, hope of finding more survivors has grown dim.
Rescuers are still using thermal imager to search for signs of life under the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of relief efforts began to shift to helping survivors in desperate need.
UN Officials: Disaster ‘Unseen for 100 Years’ in the Region
Martin Griffiths, the U.N. Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, told a news conference in Turkey that the quake was “the worst disaster in a century” in the region.
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary".
He also told Reuters that he wanted relief to be delivered to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but said the matter was "not clear."
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million to help people affected by the earthquake in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced $25 million for relief efforts in Turkey and Syria.
The world's most devastating earthquake in 60 years
The Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, the largest recorded earthquake in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a magnitude of 9.5.
Within 10 minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was in ruins.
The massive tsunami triggered after the quake hit the Chilean coastline, setting off a massive tsunami with a wave height of 25 meters.
The tsunami hit Japan and the Philippines.
The number of casualties and economic losses caused by disasters of this magnitude are not known precisely.
The world's most devastating earthquake in 60 years
The Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, the Good Friday of Jesus.
On this day, Alaska hit the largest earthquake in North American history, with a torque magnitude of 9.2.
As of 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake was the third largest on record in the world.
At the time of the quake, a fault between the Pacific and North American plates broke off at Prince William Bay near the College Fjord.
The quake lasted three to five minutes in most areas.
The displacement of the seabed triggered a massive tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Because it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake killed 139 people.
Nine of them died directly from the quake, while the other 130 died from the tsunami triggered by the quake.
The world's most devastating earthquake in 60 years
The Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, Tangshan City and Fongnam County, Hebei Province, China, experienced two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or higher within 16 hours.
The source of the earthquake is 23 kilometers from the ground.
Tangshan city-wide transportation, communication, water supply and power supply were interrupted, and immediately razed to the ground.
The capital city of Beijing, 140 kilometers away, also felt a strong earthquake.
According to official statistics, in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin, the quake killed 242,769 people and seriously injured 164,851 people.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second most deadly earthquake in China to date, after the Jiajing earthquake of 1556.
But overseas scientists estimate the quake could kill at least 650,000 people.
The world's most devastating earthquake in 60 years
Indian Ocean Earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 km on the west coast of Aceh Province, Indonesia, with a depth of 30 km and a torque magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The quake triggered a huge tsunami with wave heights of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the worst-hit areas including Indonesia, Thailand’s Pali and Phuket resort areas, Sri Lanka and Tamil Pradesh, India.
It was during the peak tourist season of Christmas, and the affected areas gathered a large number of tourists and locals, causing many beach vacationers and locals working at the seaside to be swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, leaving many people missing in the earthquake.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people are killed and missing.
The world's most devastating earthquake in 60 years
The Great Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake struck the Wenchuan area of Sichuan Province, China.
According to the data of the China Earthquake Bureau, the magnitude of the earthquake was 8.2 magnitude and the magnitude of the moment earthquake was 8.3, destroying more than 100,000 square kilometers of the area.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had caused a total of 69,227 deaths, 17,923 missing, 374,643 injuries of varying degrees, and 1,933,300 homeless, and a total population of 4,625,000.
It is the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the most devastating after the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 will be designated as the Day of Disaster Prevention and Reduction, strengthening public education and attention to disaster prevention and reduction efforts.
Since then, many Chinese governments and primary and secondary schools have held seismic exercises on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to attach importance to popularizing “earthquake prevention and disaster reduction” education.
The world's most devastating earthquake in 60 years
Haiti Earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck Haiti, a Caribbean island nation.
The epicenter is located 25 km southwest of Haiti's capital Port-au-Prince, and the source is about 13 km from the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that about 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The Haitian government has confirmed more than 200,000 deaths.
In some parts of Haiti, up to 90 per cent of homes were destroyed in the quake.
Despite the massive assistance and support provided by the international community, the impoverished and corrupt country has never recovered from the catastrophe.
The world's most devastating earthquake in 60 years
The Great Northeast Japan Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large reversal zone earthquake with a torque magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the coast of northeastern Japan.
The epicenter is located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, with a depth of 24 kilometers and a huge tsunami that climbs up to 40.1 meters.
The quake was the first recorded earthquake with a magnitude greater than 9 in Japan.
Some 22,000 people were killed and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant was affected by the earthquake and tsunami.
The accident was classified as the 7th most serious in the International Nuclear Incident Classification (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident resulted in the measurement of trace amounts of radioactive substances worldwide, including iodine-131, caesium-137, with half-lives of 30 years.
Large amounts of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people are in urgent need of food in the affected areas of Turkey and Syria.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people lost their homes to the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for $77 million to provide food for people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the affected area is sub-zero, and many of the victims are homeless.
The Turkish government distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but the supplies remained difficult to reach many people in desperate need.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has exacerbated the plight of the population.
In the four days following the quake, the World Food Programme has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
© Voice of Germany Copyright Notice 2023: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Voice of Germany.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and will be criminally prosecuted.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Notice: Police Department Calls on Citizens to Beware of Fake Telecommunications Company Fraud Messages
Recently, the Superintendent Police Bureau received a number of cases of telecommunications fraud, the wrongdoers fake the Australian Telecommunications Company to send fraud messages with website links to the owner, to the point expiration must be exchanged as soon as possible for the reward, deceiving the owner to log into the fake website for exchange.
The owner entered the credit card information and verification code according to the instructions, and then received the financial institution notification of the credit card there is an unknown consumption record, suspecting that the credit card information was stolen through the above-mentioned website.
The investigation confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above-mentioned messages.
The police bureau calls on the public, if they receive similar mobile phone text messages to be vigilant, do not log into the website links or provide any personal information; if they are required to provide credit card information, account transaction password, transaction verification code, and double caution to prevent credit cards from being stolen.
Fraud prevention tips:
Pay more attention to cybersecurity information and improve personal awareness of prevention;
Do not log on to websites of unknown origin and register personal and credit card information on the website to prevent theft;
Beware of fake websites and phishing websites, and pay attention to whether the website address is fully consistent with the official website;
Install anti-virus software for mobile phones, mobile devices or computers and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect fraud or other crime, you should immediately call the Fraud Enquiry Hotline of the Police Bureau at 8800 7777 or the Report Hotline 993 for help.
NEWS GOV-MO: Large-scale Hong Kong expedition to visit tourist attractions in Macau to attract visitors and expand the Hong Kong-Macau "linked tour"
The Tourism Bureau organized by the Hong Kong Government Tourism Department, tourism industry and media representatives of more than 100 people large-scale Hong Kong expedition to Macau, two days (10th and 11th) schedule in addition to working meetings and industry negotiations, Hong Kong travel industry and media representatives more in batch to visit Macau many tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities, for the Hong Kong market to introduce the latest Macau tourism products, while promoting the two-language brigade linkage, and jointly develop the Hong Kong-Macau "line tour" market.
In-person visit to introduce a new tourism game in Macau
The Hong Kong 100-person large-scale expedition, including the heads of tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and Hong Kong-Macau cross-border transport operators, and about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, online media representatives and blogs/influencers, visited Macau in person to learn about the latest tourism resources, the Hong Kong industry and media will bring new ways of tourism to Hong Kong residents and visitors to Hong Kong, using the advantages of the Hong Kong transport hub, to expand the Hong Kong-Macau "online travel" market.
Two days to get more publicity.
Two days ago, the delegation visited the World Heritage "Historic City of Macau", experience the Macau Grand Racing Museum, "Space and Time Shuttle and Travel Three Buses" - the immersive digital experience exhibition, the Macau Getaway, the Old Town, as well as a number of large resort hotels and facilities: Shanghai Beijing, The Karl Lagerfeld, Yongley Royal Palace, M.M.G.M., Morpers, Macau Londoners, Macau Galaxy, Artelli multi-dimensional art space in Xinhua and Macau Venetian teamLab. space, etc.
By visiting Macau's tourist facilities and experiencing the "Tourism +" element of Macau, the members of the delegation shared Macau's tourism resources and travel experiences with Hong Kong residents, and integrated the promotion and sale of Macau's latest tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong Travellers Expanding Hong Kong-Macau "Linked Tour"
Taking the opportunity of the resumption of customs clearance, the Tourism Bureau has launched a publicity offensive in the Hong Kong market and launched various offers, including the launch of transportation tickets to and from Hong Kong and Macao, and advertising on online and offline platforms with brand new promotional films.
Following last month's invitation to the leaders of the Hong Kong tourism industry to come to Australia for exchange visits and Hong Kong Internet experience Macau "Tourism +", this time again organized representatives of the Hong Kong tourism industry and the media to visit Australia, increase market promotion efforts, attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Australia for consumption, the two industries more negotiated and joined hands to expand the Hong Kong-Macau "online tour" market, jointly expand the mainland and overseas markets, promote the recovery of the tourism industry in both places.
Xi Jinping wrote back to encourage Chinese medical team members in China and Africa to benefit local people with good practice to tell a good Chinese story with practical actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - HuaSong Online
Xi Jinping wrote back to encourage members of the China-Africa Chinese medical team to benefit the local people with compassion and practical actions to tell the Chinese story.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Kao Feng] Font: [Large and Small]
BEIJING, Feb. 10 (Xinhua) -- General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, President of the State and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, Xi Jinping, wrote back to the members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical team assisting the Central African Republic on February 9, greeting them and the majority of foreign medical team members and raising ardent expectations.
Xi Jinping said in his letter that you have overcome the difficulties of your working life in Central Africa and served the local people with heart, both as white-clothed angels who save the dead and the wounded, but also as friendly messengers who convey friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China's foreign medical team, and I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are and have been carrying out foreign medical missions.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign medical care is a vivid embodiment.
I hope that you will not forget your original heart, keep in mind your mission, vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team that is fearless of hardship, willing to give, save death and injury, and love nojiang, benefit the local people with good heart and compassion, tell the Chinese story with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a human health and health community.
Medical aid is an important part of our foreign aid work.
In 1963, our country sent the first foreign medical support team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, we have sent 30,000 medical teams to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, treating 290 million patients, winning wide praise from the international community.
At present, Care Medical teams work in 115 health centres in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of China-Africa medical team wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on learning and implementing the 20th spirit of the Party, providing medical services to local people, and expressing their determination to contribute to building a human health and health community.
Members, alternate members and key leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial level of the New Progress Central Committee to learn to implement Xi Jinping's ideas of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the 20th spirit of the Party in the new era - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - HuaSong Online
Members, alternate members and leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial level of the New Progress Central Committee have studied and implemented Xi Jinping’s ideas of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the 20th Party in the new era.
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor: Li Kao Feng] Font: [Large and Small]
Xinhua News Agency BEIJING, Feb. 10 (Xinhua News Agency) -- Members, alternate members and leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial level learn to implement Xi Jinping's ideas of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the Party in the new era ended on the afternoon of the 10th at the Central Party School (State Administrative Academy), Caiqi, the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and the Secretary of the Central Secretariat attended the closing ceremony and made a concluding speech.
He said that it is necessary to learn in depth to implement the important spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly uphold the "two established" and resolutely achieve the "two maintenance", enhance the skills, truly grasp the hard work, solidly promote the Chinese-style modernization work, in the comprehensive construction of a socialist modern country and the comprehensive promotion of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation to create achievements that can withstand the test of history, practice and the people.
During the seminar, all participants were guided by Xi Jinping's ideas of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era, carefully studied the spirit of the 20th Party and the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, connected with practical in-depth discussion and exchange, deepened the understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, enhanced the confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee, enhanced the performance of duties, do a good job, and ensure a good journey in the new era. the sense of responsibility and mission of the Bureau.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the workshop spoke and reported on the learning and harvest.
Caiqi said that learning to implement Xi Jinping's socialist ideas with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the 20th Party in the new era is both the primary political task of the current and future period, but also a long-term strategic task, in accordance with the requirements of "full learning, comprehensive grasp, comprehensive implementation", to promote learning and implementation work to continue to go deeper, to the heart.
It is necessary to more deeply understand the decisive meaning of the "two established", resolutely safeguard the central position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralized and unified leadership, continuously improve political judgment, political understanding, and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of consistency in ideology and political action with the Party Central Committee, which has Comrade Xi Jinping as its core.
We must strive to master the mastery of Marxist theory, consciously arm the mind with the Party's innovative theory, guide the practice, promote the work, in deep study, understanding, and work hard, really learn firm belief, learn absolute loyalty, learn mission responsibility.
We must implement the Party's 20 major decisions and deployments with a vigorous spirit, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves to refuel, drop our body as a good "construction captain", step by step to turn the blueprint into reality.
We must keep in mind that the Party is always on the road from the strict rule, and the Party's self-revolution is always on the road, press and compress the political responsibility of the Party from the strict rule, and take the political construction of the Party as the guiding principle, and deeply advance the new great project of the Party's construction in the new era.
It is necessary to enhance the skill of promoting high-quality development, serving the masses, preventing and resolving risks, and resolving the wind of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shu Lei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jin Guo, Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi chaired the graduation ceremony.
Google AI chatbot 'answered the wrong question' parent company stock price evaporated hundreds of billions of dollars
(Comprehensive 11 days)
Bard, Google's new artificial intelligence chatbot, was at a disadvantage, "answered the wrong question" in a promotional short film, causing Google parent company Alphabet shares to plummet 8.9 percent Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, evaporating the market cap of $110 billion (about RM476.5 billion) and closing the market for $94.57 as of Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as good as its competitor, Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google earlier released a promotional short on social media about the AI chatbot Bard, in which he was asked: “What new discoveries can I tell my nine-year-old about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?
In response, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first picture of an exoplanet.”
However, according to NASA, the first image of an exoplanet was taken by the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope in 2004.
Reuters reported that Alphabet shares plummeted after Bard answered wrongly.
On the other hand, Google notes that Bard's response "highlights the importance of a rigorous testing process" and combines external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets a high standard based on quality, security and truthful information."
Singapore’s tourism industry is recovering strongly, with inbound travelers up 19 times from 2021
The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it expects 12 million to 14 million international tourists to visit Singapore in 2023, which will bring about about S$18 billion to 21 billion in tourism revenue; passenger traffic and tourism income will return to about 67% to 75% of the pre-coronavirus levels in 2019; and the possibility of a full recovery of the tourism industry in 2024.
In 2022, Singapore’s tourism market will gradually restart and recover.
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that inbound travelers in 2022 increased 19-fold from 336,000 in 2021 to 6.3 million, surpassing the Tourism Board’s earlier estimate of 4 to 6 million, and tourists have recovered to 33% of the pre-outbreak levels.
From January to September 2022, Singapore’s total tourism revenue totalled S$8.96 billion and is expected to reach S$13.8 billion to S$14.3 billion in 2022, an increase of six to seven times over S$1.89 billion in 2021, and has returned to about 50% to 52% of the pre-coronavirus levels in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken a number of steps to accelerate the recovery of tourism.
In April 2022, the government announced nearly S$500 million to spur tourism recovery.
The Tourism Authority has announced plans to allocate S$110 million from this budget over the next two years to launch more business and leisure activities to attract travelers back.
To make health and wellness one of Singapore’s tourist highlights, Tourism Singapore launched a call for proposals on 23 November 2022 to develop a health and wellness attraction on Singapore’s southern coast.
Wang Lingli, Executive Director of Sports and Recreation Tourism, Tourism Singapore, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put their health at the top of their list of considerations.
The development of a health and wellness attraction in the South Side of the Waterfront, with its Bay Gardens and Waterfront Dam, is expected to contribute to Singapore’s tourism and economy, allowing visitors to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Singapore Tourism Director Chen Jianlong said health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore’s tourism products in the coming years.
The new coronavirus epidemic has raised public awareness and needs for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Authority has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international visitors for the past two years.
In June 2022, Tourism Singapore hosted the inaugural Health and Wellness Festival, offering more than 130 different health activities and experiences to the public.
Singapore will continue to offer new travel experiences to its visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children’s Museum, Avatar World at Marina Bay Gardens, Santorini Central Beach Market, the new ‘Explore New Territories’ exhibition hall at the Art and Science Museum, and the new open-air theatre at the Night Wildlife Park, the Tourism Authority will support the development and renewal of projects such as Bird Park at the World of Wildlife, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will develop industry standards for conferences, exhibitions and incentives for sustainable tourism by 2023, with a focus on improving waste disposal and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore’s tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
Data show that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport passenger traffic has recovered strongly, receiving as many as 150,000 passengers a day, about 1 million people a week, equivalent to about 75% before the new coronavirus epidemic, and the number of aviation industry employees has also returned to about 90% of the pre-epidemic level.
The data show that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers, equivalent to 42% before the new coronavirus outbreak, and 170,000 take-off and landing flights, 53% before the outbreak.
The rapid recovery of tourism has also driven the pace of recovery in sectors such as accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping.
Singapore’s government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Singapore Tourism Bureau’s assistant director of international affairs, said a survey by China Travel Platform showed that Singapore ranks among the top three in the world in the safety index, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular with Chinese tourists.
Before the new coronavirus outbreak, about 3.6 million people travel to Singapore each year.
As China eases its border policy, it is expected that this year the number of Chinese tourists will return to 30 to 60 percent in 2019.
Next, the Tourism Bureau will closely monitor further signals released by China on outbound travel policies in response to changing tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Authority will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends emerging outside China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, Tourism Singapore is confident that the global economy will recover faster than expected as long as there is no significant recession affecting public incomes and no new large-scale deadly outbreaks.
Kim Jong Un father-daughter interaction intimate wife was left aside
North Korea held the 75th anniversary of the military parade ceremony on the evening of the 8th, leader Kim Jong Un's daughter Kim Jong Un not only attended, but also stood on the podium with her father.
North Korean state media released the video on the 9th, Jin Lord love nestling next to his father, several times affectionate eyes, whispering, she used both hands to hold his father's cheek, even touch his father's chest, father-daughter interactive video broadcast to the country.
However, First Lady Lee Xue Lord can only step aside.
Comprehensive South Korea "North Korea News" and other reports, Kim Jong-un, Li Xue host couple with daughter Kim Jong-un attend the dinner official photo, Kim Jong-un not only rarely sits in the middle of the parents C, in the next night the 75th anniversary of the military parade ceremony, she also with Kim Jong-un on the podium.
North Korean state media "Korea Central Television" released a military parade video afterwards, exposing more images of father and daughter.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the podium, the smile on the faces of the two never receded, but also whispered in each other's ears, Kim Lord once loved to raise his father's cheeks with both hands, Kim Jong-un also responded with a bright smile.
Other official media images also showed that Kim Lord Love and Kim Jong Un were sitting on an indoor sofa chair, touching her father's face with her hands; while she walked with her father hand in hand, touching Kim Jong Un's chest.
First Lady Li Xue Master can only walk behind or sit on the side, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that since the first public appearance of the Mars 17 missile test on November 18 last year, the probability of exposure has become more and more high for three months, so far it has appeared in the 5th official occasion.
The North Korean state media referred to Kim Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong Jong
These signs make the outside world doubt whether Kim Lord Love has been identified as the heir to the Kim regime, the Washington Post analysis believes that “this is a signal that Kim Jong Un has pushed his middle-school-age daughter to the status of successor,” but there are also views that such a judgment is still premature and that there are still possibilities in the case of Kim Jong Un having a son under his lap.
Chongyang Q&A – How to view the U.S. nonfarm employment data in January broadly exceeded expectations and future trends - Economic Watch Network - Professional Financial News Website
Q: How does the U.S. non-farm employment data for January greatly exceed expectations and future trends?
A: On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor released non-farm employment data in January 2023, adding 517,000 new non-farm employment, significantly higher than the market expectation of 189,000 people; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; hourly wage growth rate of 4.4%, the growth rate of 0.3%, slowing slightly.
From the total point of view, there are many one-time and technical factors disturbances in this data, such as the teachers who went on strike, the correction of the survey statistical caliber, the update of the seasonal factor, and the subsequent correction may be made (referring to the new non-farmers reduced from 504,000 to 364,000 people in January 2022), non-farm employment or not as strong as the data reflect.
From a structural point of view, the impact of job cuts in high-tech enterprises is still low; new employment in high-contact services such as leisure hotels, education and health care has rebounded sharply, and data show that the service labor gap remains.
Combined with the equally well-expected services PMI, a rebound in job vacancy and labor gap data, and the strength of consumer credit data, we judge that the U.S. service sector has ushered in a rapid recovery after extreme weather and the holidays.
We believe that supply-demand tensions in the U.S. job market are unlikely to improve without a recession.
At present, the U.S. labor market still has a supply gap of more than 5 million, and the labor participation rate is slowly rising, especially the labor participation rate between the ages of 25-54 has reached its pre-epidemic high.
In addition, strong consumer demand, due to the strength of excess savings and consumer credit, will push the impact of austerity policies on the job market to lag further.
Continued tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be the backdrop for the U.S. economy in 2023.
The overlap is now nearing the end of the rate hike, inflation expectations are repeated, and we are not optimistic about a continued decline in wage growth.
Prior to the release of this data, the U.S. equity bond exchange market was too optimistic about the Fed’s rate hike path.
With the continued improvement of inflation data, the Fed has kept the market inflation expectations fragile while shortening the pace of rate hikes, but the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed’s hawkish expression, not only expecting to stop hikes early, but also expecting two rate cuts at the end of the year.
Given tight supply and demand in the labor market and uncertainty about the impact of austerity policy, we believe that the Fed’s guidance on rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and that extreme market expectations of adjustments and trading overcrowding are likely to hurt the market.
Nevertheless, the stubbornness of wage growth is difficult to change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation, with the M2 data year-on-year and the gradual improvement of the CPI sub-heading indicators, since October the U.S. CPI data has turned to a rapid decline stage, the stubbornness of wage growth will only form the bottom of the future inflation data, the current market expectations are difficult to falsify, in the next inflation data release market or enter a new round of game.
Sugi founder Zheng Yonggang died from sudden heart disease and led the first transformation of Chinese clothing - Economic Watch Network - professional financial news website
Economic Observation Network reporter Zheng Huishin on February 11, the certifying entity for Sugi Holding Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Sugi Holding") issued an obituary, the founder of Sugi Holding Company, Chairman of the Board of Sugi Holding Zheng Yonggang due to sudden cardiac disease treatment ineffective, died on February 10, 2023, aged 65.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the factory manager of the state-run cotton textile factory, with the reassignment, in 1989 Zheng Yonggang just became the factory manager of the Ningbo Yungang clothing factory, the predecessor of Sugi Shui shares.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Enterprise Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Chinese Enterprise Future Stars, Zheng Yonggang said in a speech that in the Chinese clothing market in the 1990s, the market share of Sugi brand was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Sugi shares (600884.SH) listed, becoming the first listed company in China's garment industry.
Just in the clothing business day by day, Sugi Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized, "Once the market is opened, Chinese brands will naturally form a echelons of brand market, Sugi western clothing want to always lead the way, long-term national uniform is unlikely."
In 1999, Sugi began to study enterprise transformation, Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "We came to Shanghai, seeking to transform what to do, specifically found a lot of experts and scholars, and continuously held some Zhuge Luang meetings, retreat seminars.
Finally, we set out two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, the other is big health has a future.”
After the strategic direction was determined, Sugi began to look for cooperation, at that time Sanshan Thermal Energy Institute for Sanshan Steel supporting carbon Institute in doing the national 863 project, scientific research funding is not enough, so Sugi and Sanshan Thermal Energy Institute signed a cooperation agreement, jointly promote the national 863 project "middle phase carbon microsphere" industrialization, engaged in the research and development, production and sales of negative materials in the country to achieve the commercial promotion of negative materials.
In 2001, Sugi Co., Ltd. achieved the large-scale production of intermediate phase carbon microspheres, began to replace Japan as the main supplier of intermediate phase carbon microspheres in China.
This is China's first lithium-ion battery anode material production enterprise, which has achieved the localization of lithium-ion battery anode materials.
With the rapid popularization of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Sugi shares began to develop gradually, in 2007 lithium electrical materials business was written into the main business of Sugi shares, the proportion of clothing business revenue decreased year by year, until 2013, Sugi shares lithium electrical materials business income fully exceeded the clothing business.
In February 2021, Sugi shares successfully merged and acquired LG chemical polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and set up polarizer enterprise Sugi Jin Optoelectronics, the field of technology content is relatively high, Sugi's main competitors are the world's top 500, such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical, Nitong Electric.
Zheng Yonggang once shared the post-investment management experience, "China's private enterprises acquire some international high-tech enterprises, the probability of success is relatively low, why those acquisitions will fail?
Because everyone will consider, I spent so much money, I have to send people right, this is usually an act to do, "However, Zheng Yonggang is different, the day of the successful acquisition, Zheng Yonggang went to Sugi Yonggang to the public announced, Sugi as a major shareholder of Sugi Yonggang, decided to implement a two-system, in addition to Zheng Yonggang as chairman, Sugi enterprise people do not send to Sugi Yonggang, take the way of authorized management, the original distribution system, corporate culture, management and other modes unchanged.
ICC Xinhua Information released 2022 negative data shows that the shipments of Sugi Negative in 2022 exceeded 200,000 tons, a year-on-year increase of 100%, a market share of 16%, and the shipments of artificial graphite negative materials topped the list.
In the polarizer business, Yano Research statistics show that the company's Sugin Optoelectronics global market share reached 29% in 2022, and it is expected that the market share will reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the revenue of Sugi Shares was 15.841 billion yuan, net profit was 2.313 billion yuan, and on February 10, the share price of Sugi Shares was 19.24 yuan/share, with a total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Sugi shares in the interactive platform said that by the end of 2022, the company's graphite effective production capacity of about 100,000 tons, and the graphite production capacity of the Meishan project is still climbing.
Wante shows that at present, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Sugi Shares.
According to Tian Eye Inspection, Zheng Yonggang holds the total shareholding of Sugi Holding Co., Ltd. is 40.1%.
The general manager of Sugi shares is Li Zhihua, born in 1968, has served as Dongguan Sugi Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Sugi New Materials Technology Co., Ltd., Chairman of Hunan Sugi Energy Technology Co., Ltd., Deputy General Manager of Ningbo Sugi Co., Ltd.
Sugi Co. said on the investor interaction platform on February 10 that there is no kinship between the Company’s senior management and the actual controller of the Company.
"Fund E-account" is coming: the SFC authorizes the development of all funds under the name of investors to achieve aggregation and enquiry - Economic Watch Network - professional financial news website
Economic Observation Network reporter Chen Yiao Fund purchase channels complicated account information aggregation is not easy.
Have you always forgotten about the “little box”?
These people’s problems are about to be resolved.
On February 10, the SFC announced that the "fund E account" APP was on the shelves of various mobile phone application stores and carried out public trial operation.
According to reports, "fund E-account" provides individual investors with public fund accounts and share information "one-stop" inquiry service, aimed at solving the majority of small and medium-sized investors forgot accounts, queries cumbersome and other industry service pain points.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were 156 public fund managers in China, managing the fund size of about 26 trillion yuan; 167 public fund share registration institutions, and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The accounting system of each quota registration agency is independent of each other and lacks industry unified query channels.
Some industry sources said that by the end of 2021, China's fund investors more than 720 million people, that is, half of the country invested in fund products.
Previously, investors need to inquire about the purchase through different sales agencies, and through the "fund E account" can inquire about the purchase of all sales channels, holding the fund situation at a glance.
What is the “Fund E-Account” app?
According to the relevant documents, the "fund E-account" APP is a public fund industry portal mobile application approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission for settlement and construction in China, which can provide investors with a one-stop inquiry on the market share holding of public fund products.
Through the "Fund E Account", investors can easily and quickly grasp their holdings of public fund products purchased by fund managers through various sales channels throughout the market, and improve the efficiency of the inquiry.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the “Fund E-Account” includes: fund account information opened with managers of public funds across the market, trading account information opened with public funds sales agencies, and over-the-counter shares held in products including publicly raised securities investment funds and a pooled asset management plan that is not limited to 200 investors set up and managed by securities companies.
Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center business head Liu Yicheng told the Economic Observation Network reporter that investors can learn all their OTC fund holdings through the "fund E-account" App one-stop, help them to recover the "forgotten assets", more importantly, for customers to achieve comprehensive fund investment information aggregation, help customers more timely, accurate and complete grasp their own investment situation, so as to better optimize their own fund portfolio configuration, better plan their own financial arrangements.
How to register for use?
The reporter noted that at present, the "fund E account" APP has been on the shelves of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo and other mobile application stores, but the APP is still in the public trial stage, registration needs to fill in the invitation code, investors can contact the fund manager of the fund to obtain.
A large and medium-sized public fund customer service staff in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to the reporter of the Economic Observation Network, and told reporters, "APP trial run phase, China settlement provides a certain number of invitation code to each fund manager, investors call to get, we will provide.
After the trial run is over, there is no need for an invitation code when opening user registration.
”
According to the official website of the SFC "fund E account" download and use instructions related documents to the account registration and completion of the inquiry, the whole process took only a few minutes, mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, public fund inquiry.
After this step of real-name authentication, click on the "asset" fund binding button, the reporter through the various fund sales platform purchased all the fund products are presented in the list of binding options (binding accounts), after completing the binding you can visually see the total assets of the invested fund and can start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the “fund E-account” only provides enquiry services for investors and cannot be redeemed or sold.
The data date displayed in the “Fund E Account” is generally the date on which the user made the query (T-day) pushed forward three trading days.
For example, if you open the “Fund E account” on February 10, the total assets, fund shares, and net worth of the fund shown on the asset page are three trading days ahead of that date, that is, February 7.
Copyright Statement: The above content is the original work of the Economic Observer, and the copyright is owned by the Economic Observer.
Reproduction or mirroring is strictly prohibited without the authorization of the "Economic Observation" news agency, otherwise the legal responsibility of the relevant actors will be pursued in accordance with the law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
US-Japan-Philippines Defense Consensus Reached
ASIA – Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan on February 9 for talks with Prime Minister Funio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's encroachment on the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and the Philippine and Japanese leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting that they would conduct substantive defense exchanges through the signing of a trilateral defense agreement with the United States, and oppose the CCP's hegemony policy.
According to Japanese media, Fumio Kishida hopes to use the meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies to address the crisis in the Taiwan Strait.
Marcos Jr. visited China in early January and secured a $20 billion deal.
But after that, China-Philippines relations not only did not improve, but declined.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to U.S. forces to secure the South China Sea.
The new base is 300 km from Taiwan and is the closest to China.
In the event of a crisis in Taiwan, U.S. forces could launch operations at bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States to build an “arc of confrontation” in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Xia Li, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang Party, conveys Song Tao's speech: Welcome to the Green Camp under the 1992 consensus
Taiwan's vice-chairman of the Chinese Kuomintang Party, Xia Liyeng, met with Song Tao, Director of the State Office of China, and Wang Shanning, Standing Committee member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee.
Zhao Chunshan, senior adviser of the National Policy Foundation, an official Kuomintang institution, was interviewed by Taiwan's Central News Agency yesterday evening and positively evaluated Song Tao's statement to Xia that as long as he agrees with the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence, China welcomes green campers to visit the mainland.
According to the National Party, this is something new.
Xia Li’s earlier meeting with Song Tao on the day of the news did not mention this statement.
Taiwan's ruling DPP has repeatedly rejected the "92 Consensus."
According to the Central News Agency today, the vice chairman of the Kuomintang Party, Xia Li Yun led the delegation to visit the country and, during Beijing, met with Wang Shanning, the permanent member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Song Tao, the new director of the State Committee, and Yinli, the secretary of the Beijing Municipal Committee.
Xia Li said in a meeting with Song Tao that the political basis of the National Party is the "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence, and Zhao Chunshan, senior adviser of the Kuomintang State Government Foundation, said at the meeting that the Kuomintang "92 Consensus" is the original "92 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analysis, this is different from the feeling of participating in the previous meetings.
The recent video talks with the mainland academic community, as well as this one, did not hear Taiwan scholars talk about martial arts and the "anti-secession law", but instead resumed exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that there is a deadly war on both sides of the Strait, and that mainland China hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the CCP, the other side is still willing to do a good job for the Taiwanese, and representatives do not want cross-strait relations to spoil.
According to Zhao Chunshan also said that Wang Shanning personally instructed Song Tao to say "their (Taiwan farmers and fishermen) demands, you must implement", if it cannot be solved comprehensively, it must also be dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether Kuomintang visits to the mainland made face-to-face reference to the daily disturbance of Chinese military aircrafts, the agro-fishing problems in a handful of counties and cities in Taiwan, or whether an interview with the Central News Agency reporter asked such questions.
Law unions mobilize protest against government pension reform program again
On Saturday (February 11), French unions once again launched a national mobilization against the government’s draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their views.
This is the fourth day of action against the draft reform of the government pension system.
The number of people who respond to the rally call may influence the next course of action of the trade union group.
This is the fourth time in a month that France’s eight major trade union groups have jointly launched a national mobilization, and the first time that the protest has scheduled a rally on Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a public holiday for most French people and they don’t have to choose between taking part in a protest or going on a payroll strike, trade union groups hope that today’s rally will attract more people.
Neither the unions of the metro nor the public railway companies called for workers to strike today, the system should be functioning properly, citizens can travel by car to the rally sites, and people can take regular leave in areas where schools start their winter holidays.
Trade union groups hope that more than a million people will attend today’s rally, while police expect the nationwide turnout to be between 600,000 and 800,000, with 90,000 to 120,000 in central Paris.
Since the start of the anti-government pension reform protests, although polls show that a majority of French people do not support a move to extend the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets has been declining.
The first strike demonstrations on January 31 gathered between 1.27 million and 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of demonstrators on Tuesday has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people nationwide.
The pension reform plan is currently under discussion in the French National Assembly.
The opposition party, especially the opposition group led by the radical left, has submitted so many amendments that the review process has been slow.
The controversy between the two is also becoming more intense.
A lawmaker from the radical-left France Insubordination party recently posted on social media a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the head of a labour minister, sparking protests from the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly eventually imposed a 15-day ban on the member from parliamentary activities as a punishment for such conduct.
While the reform package has sparked the largest social upheaval in France in more than two decades, the government has so far made no major concessions, despite slight adjustments to the draft.
The unions are already preparing to launch another action on Thursday, 16 March, and the unions are planning to organize demonstrations when the draft reforms are sent to the Senate for discussion.
China Encourages High Fertility Rate to Colleges and Universities to Promote High Quality Standards
The human sperm bank in Yunnan Province of China issued a publicity on the 9th, soliciting university graduates or school students to donate sperm, successfully donating 8 to 12 times can get a subsidy of RMB 4,500.
According to Taiwan media today, the message hit Weibo hot search on the same day, and triggered many provincial and municipal follow-up initiatives such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to the Free Times, China encourages college students to donate sperm.
Among them, Beijing donation threshold is the highest, in addition to academic qualifications, also requires a height of more than 170 centimeters, five officials correct, no obvious hair loss, near vision number can not be higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Human Sperm Bank pointed out that sperm donors can get a full set of male medical examinations worth 1,000 yuan, "especially semen and chromosome testing, most people have never done, to understand their fertility status is of great significance."
Sperm donor conditions include those who are more than 165 cm tall, have a college degree or higher or are studying, colorless, blind and weak, and have genetic diseases such as hepatitis B and other infectious diseases.
According to the report, the Shaanxi human sperm bank printed "paid sperm donation, infinitely glorious" propaganda poster, called on young people to respond to sperm donation, and encouraged netizens to relay relevant messages, "let love pass."
Shaanxi Province price code is higher than Yunnan, qualified persons can receive 300 yuan cash each time, completed a certain number of sperm donors can receive 5000 yuan subsidy.
At present, the highest known price code is Beijing, with the maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
East Germany's last communist prime minister has died.
The successor to the East German Communist Party reported in a statement that “Last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
As a result, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall that separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Moderot said he would help transform East Germany into a democracy.
At the time, the leaders of the Communist Party were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
After the Soviet Union came to power, Mikhail Gorbachev called for changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe as well.
In March 1990, Modello declared the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
As a result of the election, he ceased to be prime minister.
Despite Modero’s reforms, opponents accuse him of trying to delay the political changes and unification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reshape rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modero was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but was not imprisoned.
These allegations are said to be politically motivated.
Modello continued to serve in the German parliament from 1990 to 1994 and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modero sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said East Germany's achievements should be acknowledged.
Modelo was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader for youth fire brigades and, near the end of the conflict, became a member of the Nazi militia group Volkssturm, which recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 to fight the final war.
At the age of 17, Modelo was captured by Soviet troops and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he attended anti-fascist courses and became a staunch Communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he returned to Germany to find a job as a mechanic and went on to study social sciences and economics, earning a doctorate.
Modero was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement, which almost all East German youth joined, and was promoted to chair the Dresden Regional Party through the ruling Social Unity Party (SED) between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the East German parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Moderau became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state office.
Iran's Revolution Anniversary: Protests Hacker Scares President's TV Speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Lacy's televised speech.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted on the internet for about a minute and a sign appeared on the screen of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers whose name was "Edalat Ali (Ali Justice)."
There was also a voice shouting “Death to the Islamic Republic.”
Reuters reported today that Iran commemorates the anniversary of the revolution and hackers interrupted state television coverage.
As Iran officially commemorates the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, Lacy’s hardline government faces the boldest challenge from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Lacy still calls on “deceived youth” to repent so they can get a pardon from Iran’s supreme leader.
Nationwide protests are still sweeping Iran after Mahsa Amini, 22, died in the custody of the country’s morality police in September.
The deadly crackdown on protests by Iranian security forces is one of the most powerful challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution overthrew the 2,500-year-old monarchy.
As part of an amnesty commemorating the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities on Friday released imprisoned dissidents Fahad Mesami and Iran-French scholar Faribah Adelha who protested on hunger strike.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty that included some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
Human rights group HRANA reported that as of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors.
Another 70 government security personnel were also killed.
As many as 19,763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On Friday night on the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, state media showed fireworks as part of a government-sponsored celebration, with people chanting “Allahu Akbar!
God is the greatest!）”。
However, many people could also be heard at the rally shouting “Death to the dictator!
“The Death of the Islamic Republic” in a video posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television aired live footage of official rallies across the country.
In Tehran, as part of official celebrations, domestically produced anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed.
President Lacy’s speeches were often interrupted by the slogan “Death to America” — the iconic slogan at state rallies.
The crowd shouted, “Death to Israel.”
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in deteriorating relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months, Reuters said.
She was sentenced to five years in prison on national security charges in 2020.
They later placed her under house arrest, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah denied the allegations.
Messami was released a week after supporters warned he was at risk of death as a result of hunger strike protests.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting the mandatory headscarf.
France’s foreign ministry called for Adelkhah’s release on Friday, calling for her freedom to be restored, “including allowing her to return to France if she wishes.
”
Did balloon events brighten America’s eyes?
Restricting the export of technology to China
The Wall Street Journal reported today that after the balloon incident, the United States is ready to further tighten technology exports to China.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlighted a national security threat posed by China and would garner more political support for strengthening U.S. technology protection.
The United States said the balloon carried antennas and sensors used for intelligence gathering and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works at the New American Security Center, a Washington think tank.
“This is undoubtedly a fuel for the fire and supports the views of hardliners in China.”
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, “We will also consider taking broader action to expose and respond to China’s larger surveillance activities that pose a threat to our national security and to our allies and partners.
U.S. officials say they have informed governments of more than 30 countries about the ballooning incident, and international coordination is critical to countering the Chinese threat.”
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly formed U.S. House ad hoc committee on strategic competition between the U.S. and the Chinese Communist Party could also pressure the U.S. to take tougher measures to slow China’s development.
She said members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn could force the White House to adopt tougher policies.
The Wall Street Journal says many advocates of tighter export controls are also pushing to expand the scope of controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government is also developing an outward investment review program to examine whether U.S. investment abroad poses a potential national security threat from China.
Analysts say the White House may face calls for a faster rollout of the plan.
Earthquake Relief Day After Night
Since the earthquake struck Turkey and adjacent Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working day and night amid the rubble of thousands of devastated buildings to rescue survivors buried under rubble.
At icy temperatures, they often called for silence as they struggled to hear the sound of any life from the shabby concrete piles.
Reuters reported today that two more women were rescued after surviving the earthquake’s rubble for days.
However, the death toll from the earthquake climbed to 24,150.
The death toll was 20,665 in Turkey and more than 3,500 in Syria.
Monday’s 7.8 magnitude quake, which continued several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, was the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing Japan’s 2011 earthquake and tsunami to close to 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similarly strong earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Two women were trapped for 122 hours after the region's deadliest earthquake in 20 years and rescuers rescued the two women from the rubble of collapsed buildings in Turkey, authorities said Saturday.
Another injured 55-year-old man has been identified as Masallah Cicek, who was rescued from the ruins of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In the freezing temperatures, rescuers often called for silence as they struggled to hear the sound of any life from the shattered concrete piles.
In Turkey’s Samandag district, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs and whispered “Inshallah” – “God bless” – as they carefully reached their hands into the rubble and rescued a 10-day-old newborn.
He opened his eyes wide and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and taken to the field hospital.
Video footage shows first responders also taking his mother, who was dizzy and pale on a stretcher, but sober.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the last 24 hours and that 31,000 rescuers had been deployed in the affected areas.
He said about 80,000 people are being treated in hospitals, while 105 million people have been made homeless by the earthquake and are crammed into temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, people are increasingly questioning the leaders of both countries’ response to the disaster.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma went to a hospital in Aleppo, reportedly for the first time since the quake, according to Syrian state media.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said its stockpiles in rebel-held northwest Syria were about to run out due to the state of war complicating relief efforts.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adyaman province, where he acknowledged that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who will run for re-election in a vote on May 14 but may be delayed by disaster.
Reuters said anger over delays in aid delivery and the start of relief efforts could affect the election.
Even before the quake hit, the vote was seen as the toughest challenge in Erdoğan’s two decades in power.
Erdogan called for solidarity and condemned what he called a “negative movement for political gain.”
The leader of Turkey's main opposition party, Kemal Kilidaroglu, criticized the government's response.
Critics said: “The quake was large, but worse than the quake was lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence.
”
VIETNAM NEWS AGENCY HANOI – During a visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Minggang and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, or “University of Brunei”).
The University of Brunei is the largest higher education and scientific research centre in Brunei, ranking third in the region’s university rankings.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei in education and training.
The University of Brunei officially established a partnership with FPT University in Vietnam in July 2013, with the main area of cooperation being English training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, Moroccan, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei also incorporates Vietnamese into its curriculum.
During a visit to the University of Brunei, Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Minggang and his wife exchanged views with students of the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Fan Mingong is pleased that more and more foreigners like to learn the Vietnamese language, thus making a positive contribution to the promotion of Vietnamese culture and local identity to all over the world.
The Prime Minister expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching staff at the University of Brunei will grow stronger; the students of the Vietnamese language classes will become more and more interested in the Vietnamese language, work hard to learn, be able to use the Vietnamese language fluently at an early stage, and become ambassadors of the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.
The Prime Minister also took the opportunity to communicate via video with Vietnamese students studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Centre in Da Nang to learn about their learning, especially during the outbreak.
Prime Minister Van Minggang believes that the cooperation between FPT University of Vietnam and the University of Brunei, especially the FPT-UBD Global Centre, is a vivid symbol of the cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei in education.
At the same time, it is hoped that the students of the Center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.
During discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leadership of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingong praised the results achieved in educational cooperation between the two countries, including the cooperation between the FPT University and the University of Brunei, and the University of Brunei’s initiative to integrate Vietnamese into the curriculum.
PM Fan Mingeng hopes that the University of Brunei will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the scale of Vietnamese language classes.
The Prime Minister also praised the positive results of the cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014 and recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively implement short-term exchange training programs such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Fan Mingeng highly appreciates the establishment of the University of Brunei in Vietnam of its first branch in Southeast Asia; believes that the University is growing in scale in the region and in the world; and further expanding its cooperation with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
On the occasion, Prime Minister Fan Mingeng and Mrs. Fan planted a memorial tree on the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message on the memorial book.
Prime Minister Fan Mingong wished the University of Brunei to continue to develop, contribute more and more power to Brunei’s educational cause, and develop deeper and broader cooperation with various educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(Finished)
Vietnamese Society
HANOI – Vietnamese Prime Minister Van Minggang and his wife’s official visit to Singapore and Brunei has been successful, with comprehensive, pragmatic and concrete results.
During his three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingeng attended more than 30 different events.
The results achieved have injected new impetus into promoting the strategic partnership between Viet Nam and New Zealand and the comprehensive partnership between Viet Nam and Viet Nam in a deeper, broader and effective direction.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingong continued to reaffirm the external line of Vietnam’s party and state, namely, independence, pluralism, change, willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is a requirement of their respective countries, committed to enhancing the well-being of their peoples and committed to regional and global peace, stability and development.
At various meetings and symposiums, Prime Minister Fan Mingong, along with the leaders of Singapore and Brunei, agreed to continuously strengthen political mutual trust with Vietnam through the exchange of high-level delegations, effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership signed with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening the Comprehensive Partnership for Vietnam in the 2023-2027 phase signed with Brunei are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During meetings with business leaders, symposia or an economic forum, Prime Minister Fan stressed that Vietnam welcomes and facilitates the expansion of investment opportunities for Singapore and Brunei companies in Vietnam in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology and innovative ideas.
The visit not only helped to deepen cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, people-to-people exchanges, but also to create a framework for cooperation in new potential areas such as digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovative ideas, smart cities and sustainable development.
King Hassanar Borkia of Brunei and Prime Minister Fan Ming are preparing to enter the bilateral symposium.
Image from Vietnam News Agency
During his visits to both countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingong made time to visit and listen to the thoughts and aspirations of the local Vietnamese community.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingong suggested that the authorities of the two countries pay more attention and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to local society and foster relations between the two countries.
The proposal was endorsed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan Mingeng also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; agreed to maintain solidarity and collaboration with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN’s central role in the complex and changing context of regional and international situations.
Based on the important results achieved, Prime Minister Fan Mingeng’s official visit to Singapore and Brunei made a positive contribution to the effective implementation of the foreign policy of the 13th CPC Congress, which prioritizes strengthening relations with ASEAN neighbors, the effective implementation of the Conclusion No. 12 of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee on Foreign Affairs in the New Situation (12-KL/TW), and the power of national unity.
(Finished)
What was the “object” shot down over Alaska?
Confused, speculated.
On Friday afternoon, the U.S. military again shot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska using the U.S. state-of-the-art stealth jet, the F-22.
It was shot down 10 miles off the Alaska coast.
This is the second time U.S. forces have shot down an aerial object in less than a week.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was destroyed off the coast of South Carolina after drifting over U.S. airspace for days.
The Pentagon said the second shot-down object, which first entered U.S. airspace on Thursday night, was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeastern Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet), was about the size of a small car and much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was previously shot down.
The Pentagon also believes there is no indication that the object is manoeuvrable.
John Kobe, the White House National Security Council's strategic communications coordinator, said Friday that while the exact appearance of the object flying at high altitude was unclear, it "represented a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation aircraft."
Kobe said the object, unlike the spy balloon found inside the United States, had no "payload" hanging on it.
Kobe said, “We call it an ‘object’ is the best description we can give at the moment.”
President Biden listened to the Pentagon’s advice before ordering the object to be shot down, and he was “very cautious” in making that decision.
The official description of the object in the United States can be roughly summed up as: the size of a car, no joystick, no suspension device, and a flight altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But that information doesn’t answer basic questions like what the object is, what country it belongs to, what mission it’s performing.
Many online analyses and speculations suggest that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It could come from China, like the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, carrying out some sort of mission at different locations.
Some have also linked the Alaskan “object” to a “unidentified flying object” (UFO).
The U.S. Newsweek report quoted former U.S. Rep. Peter Meijer tweeted Friday, saying, “I wish this UFO was also a spy balloon, not a legitimate UFO.”
"The irony of confusing an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth triggering an interstellar conflict," Major said.
Major tweeted shortly after Kobe confirmed that the Alaskan object had been shot down.
Newsweek said it was more than just Major who suspected the object was a UFO.
Rep. Tim Burchett, a Republican from Tennessee, criticized the administration’s cover-up of intelligence last month, asking the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on “unidentified flying objects.”
Amazon’s customer service attitude makes me hard to believe.
Few people see it here, but I want to say a little bit.
This dress was a zipper hat when we bought it, and it was actually a short sleeve.
After receiving the clothes immediately contact with Amazon customer service, then confirm that the clothes are still in stock, I asked for an exchange, the customer service said to solve, and then immediately saw the name of the goods became short sleeves, the original I bought the link off the shelf.
Then the customer service notice will either retain the goods to compensate a certain amount, or return the goods.
Is that what Amazon does?
It’s really unbelievable that the wrong clothes itself isn’t my problem, as a consumer I asked to get the goods I should get, without making any exaggerated demands, Amazon changed its name and said no inventory.
This is my first review and hopefully it won’t be my last.
Sleeves that are incomprehensible.
Speaking of cowhide, it is indeed relatively hard, but if you look closely, there are a lot of small cracks, do not know whether it is leather, in addition, the sleeve of this dress is really incomprehensible, usually the jacket sleeve is longer than the coat, but usually 1-2 cm, this dress is long enough for 5 cm, the arm naturally drooping should be in the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this dress are covered by the fingers.
Buying clothes is easy and returning them is easy.
Do you know when to return the money?
Clothes work well, because the version is small, only have to return, but after returning the goods, so far more than a week has passed, have not received a refund?
And to get the buyer in touch with the poor integrity of the Peak Courier, this is the worst purchase since buying an item from Amazon!
But the store is still good, actively cooperate with the prompt delivery of timely refunds, but this peak delivery real work is done quite infuriating, delaying about half a month to refund, this partner is to drag Amazon's back legs, poor work efficiency, no service consciousness!
More suitable for young people.
99 seconds to kill.
The workmanship, color, feel are good, soft / thin and moderate, no kerosene flavor.
Unfortunately, the version is thin and more suitable for young people.
3XL, tiled waist circumference 2 feet 5, stretched maximum size 4 feet, 1.79/80 kg wearing waist a little tight.
It seems that there is no loosening of the waist, it is difficult to loosen the waist.
Dressing up is also uncomfortable.
The color is not very bright.
I just bought more than two hundred, and that’s the case.
The first Amazon use of cooperation every day bad courier, the first delivery is not at home, and then the initiative and the courier about two times delivery time, the courier did not send, and then directly returned to me, this damn courier has no integrity, it is strongly recommended not to use the daily bad courier.
This time there was a shirt also returned to me, and the price increased by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon should not have such products.
When the product is purchased at a special price, the price is not low, and the reviews are also very good products.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned, the surface of the goods is worn, there are wear and tear in many other places, either inferior or old, later on the picture.
I applied for a return, the manufacturer after seeing the picture said it was the result of shipping, is it not blasphemy?
How can goods be worn inside?
There are only two possibilities, either second-hand goods, or I intentionally damage the goods and return them.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the goods, but to my credit history of shopping on Amazon, I think such goods should not appear in Amazon self-owned goods, customers choose Amazon self-owned is trust, customer win, we win, customer victory is the victory of the manufacturer, hope we all work together to improve, thank you.
I’ve been using this product for less than a year and two E2 appear, I don’t know what to do with it.
I bought the product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, the two groups on the right of the receiver often appear red E2, should be a problem with the launch module, this is not consistent with the launch module sustainable work on Amazon website 7 years, can not find on Amazon website after-sales, now do not know how to be good?
All right.
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn’t feel like new.
The label on the box was torn, and the label on the fuselage was broken.
And always white.
Change it later.
The exchange of goods is very fast, a little blurred at night, the perspective is not very wide, but the ordinary household is enough.
It’s not enough to have a card, buy it yourself, and have previously bought a phone on Amazon.
There will be stickers on the packaging to prevent the packaging from being opened, this time there is no, when buying a mobile phone there is a sticker like the chapter, can be affixed to the warranty card, this time there is no.
I don’t know if it’s cheap, I’m confused.
Waiting for the supplier to respond
Packaging does not have any logo, directly to the supplier to say, answer no logo is genuine, such as the suspicion can be mailed to Johnson & Johnson inspection, but also left the license plate and telephone number, promise to send a text message notification to enter my information into Johnson & Johnson warranty card, to now also not received a text message Ah?
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
The second purchase.
Amazon’s own products are reassuring.
The master of the oil change said the oil is clear, it is indeed good oil.
Because it was the second time I bought it.
So it’s still reassuring.
Express delivery is fast, the packaging is not picky, with this oil, the engine sound is significantly reduced.
The cost-effectiveness ratio is good, it is difficult to find synthetic oil below two hundred.
Support the star crown, support the winning card, and effectively protect the car.
Japanese Amazon seriously harmed the interests of buyers due to customer service issues (8c caterpillars shipped 8cm caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
Admitting the mistake, but always refuting, always emphasizing that the goods are third parties and cannot bind the third party.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
I originally bought the page size options for 7c, 8, 9c, then I think this is a trap, call the Japanese Chinese customer service, clearly inform that 8 is 8c, but when the goods return to China only found, only 8cm, I think this is a deliberate trap to pit the Chinese (according to Amazon's after-sales), now view the page has no this option.
China Customer Service: Sorry to bring you losses, we give you two ways to go:
1, you return the goods, the buyer bears all the shipping costs.
If you do not return the goods, we will reimburse you 1000 yen.
(I count the bill, shoes more than 4,000 yen, counted as 200rmb, choose 1, I do not have shoes, the loss in 200 yuan.)
Option 2, I have shoes, finally compensated me 2000 yen, the last loss in 150rmb customer service: we have recorded, we will seriously deal with, the next day I returned an email, saying I do not accept Chinese customer service mediation, that's it.
I proposed: when buying a page for 7c, 8, 9c such a confusing option, the Chinese customer service helped me to say that the Japanese common code is not to carry c, like 140, but do you have to go to other caterpillar pages to see?
There are good code, day code mixed situations appear.
Also, why do you put 8cm in the middle of 7c and 9c, obviously the smallest size, what do you mean by putting it there?
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese service, but we do not know that you want to ship back home, so we do not pay for your shipping costs.
This logic I do not understand, I am Japanese, I also need Chinese customer service, living in Japan China does not need Chinese customer service, to go to Japan tourists, without that kungfu to play international long distance, then the problem comes, who needs to call Amazon overseas to buy Chinese phone, nothing but like me such a day-to-day.
Isn't Amazon's Chinese customer service just convenient for these people?
This purchase was not satisfactory.
This is the second time from Amazon to buy baby diapers, once in the baby 2 months bought a box, selected Europe imported paper diapers, the first purchase experience is still relatively satisfactory, the baby all night with a diaper, indeed can meet 12 hours without changing diapers.
But this time to buy the L diaper, a box has 2 packages separately packaged, after opening it will feel that the paper is relatively loose, with the import help baby there is a clear difference, to the baby after using, it is also possible, no leakage of urine and no red rash and other signs.
But to the second pack of diapers, after starting to use the baby's thigh immediately appeared red rash, which has not faded yet.
I suspect 2 packs in a box, the quality is not the same.
I won’t be buying anymore!
We want to pay attention to the transport protection of parcels.
This is my online shopping for so long, I saw the worst packaging shipment, there is absolutely no protection measures, buffer foam, package buffer materials, etc., nothing.
It's a deformed suitcase.
And the inside of the plastic box is packed, the cartridge is pressed open to deform.
Hopefully, the quality of the genuine product is guaranteed, and in the future will not dare to buy Amazon.
Preferably half the cost of the country, there is a guarantee.
And the product packaging problem, I see comments in 2016 someone has commented, to now 19 years, or the same.
It shows that Amazon does not pay attention to service feedback at all, and the difference between Jingdong and Tmall in China is too far.
Nice, but a bit of a pity.
The color of the whole cup is my favorite, orange red, although my family is a boy, but still feel orange with yellow is very bright.
Smaller than I thought, but it was meant to be taken out of the door, so it was acceptable.
Last night took home a try, after the bottle cap pushed away, the distance between the straw and the lid is too close, because the position of the straw is vertical, so the son always to the bulge above the lid contains drinking water, think this place can be improved.
It seems that other brands of straw cups do the straws tilt or make sense, children's things, really care about safety and comfort.
Lightly large capacity
Like it’s light, large opening, that is, two separate dividing bags are a little redundant for me, I feel like I don’t know what to pack.
After buying, I found that overseas buying America and another brand is very similar, less than two hundred.
Fake, especially fake.
Amazon sells fakes, so do I.
The customer service said because it was used, so I could not return it, I did not know how to know it was a fake.
Because of trust, so sad, after all, it is the face of the supplies, really go to the physical store to buy, recognition more expensive.
Because it is a second kill, so I did not see the comments, I have submitted the State Administration of Industry and Commerce's e-commerce platform, let's defend our rights together.
Broken?
Fake?
Tragedy anyway.
The pores selected with the second tablet are detailed, but when opened it is a strange smell, I think it is normal, because I have not used this, and then the face when the whole can not stand it, very rushed taste, indescribable, smoked to immediately cough out, the eyes are also very painful, tears, immediately picked up to wash the face.
Unbelief and evil opened a piece of the same style, not so heavy a taste, now is laying on.
It reminds me of the smell of bad water in the hairdresser.
Is it hard to imagine that Amazon’s own skin care products have to be avoided from now on?
Traitor.
At the time of purchase, the event page is said to give a full 99 yuan "three-body set", received the goods do not have this gift, call the customer service said to show them the screenshot of the activity at the time, the question is who bought the web screenshot save ah, you yourself have done the activity, but also need customers to help you provide ah, buyers next time to keep an eye, save the evidence.
Feeling after.
The first time to buy things on Amazon, feel a few points, first say the end of the goods feel, the first is really painless, does not stimulate the taste of things, overall very good, quiet wait for about 8 minutes to wipe off, only there will be a small amount of sweat on the top, do not look closely is not see, so say the overall is good, as for the use after a time and continue to observe, continue to use it will know.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
The second order from the 27th, the 12th received the goods, a total of 15 days is half a month, Amazon's delivery service attitude is also very good.
Third, Amazon what Black Friday do not believe, Friday order, wait 2 days cheaper is close to 12 dollars, that is, I bought more than 170 (plus shipping costs what), there is a feeling of engaging in activities to mention the price.
The customer service said what price fluctuations, I pay attention to the price of more than 10 days is this, the fluctuation is not large.
Affordable price, Japanese origin, with Chinese label, with particles, absolutely repurchase!
Paste with particles, refreshing feeling just right, after the teeth smooth, on top than a second-hand East too much, there is said to be imported things, but a lot of things do not have Chinese labels, do not know where wholesale.
As long as Amazon has it, it will never go second-hand.
Give a suggestion, how can Amazon's app sunshine sometimes not sun, hope to improve some applications, will do better and better!
Excellent these years, getting worse, there is no quality of service at all!
Special delivery time 19:00-22:00 when placing an order without regard to customer needs.
Because the elderly who are inconvenient in bed after surgery at home, so it can only be convenient to receive at night.
The result was delivered directly to the door at 12 noon, without calling in advance.
If the delivery time is what your courier wants to deliver at any time, why should you take some time to let customers choose?
If your own logistics can not guarantee service, then simply do not do e-commerce!
Let an old man with 3 wounds get out of bed and open the door to receive courier and pay for change!
There is a phone call on the order!
No one ever called to explain!
The so-called complaint service is a bunch of outsiders pretending to be there, paraphrase your complaint and then give you a so-called answer.
There will be no change or compensation!
I have also encountered such a similar problem with the wrong delivery time before, but this time I can not bear it, too much!
After the pre-sale of the new book purchase, the cover and the bottom of the cover are the opposite, so that the obvious quality problem is so closed eyes to send the book to the customer.
Leave a comment and no one will contact you.
Excellent these years, getting worse, there is no quality of service at all!
No more spending a penny on excellence.
The image quality is unacceptable.
As a title such as "Atlas of Antiquity", the book is unacceptable in the selection, typography, and printing of pictures, some even have mosaics, blurry enough to be unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small illustration, it should be able to afford the great view of the ancient literature left by the ancestors in the catalog!
(Moreover, many images can be obtained from the relevant industry sources in clear original files), what is the difference between using such images to piece together a book and not using images?
I am sorry for this kind of school spirit.
There is no evaluation of the text, each of them is different.
Overall 2 stars.
The book I read when I was in high school was just holding a boring look and play mentality, feeling that such a book should not be addicted to it, after all, the starting point of the net text in the past is not very attractive to me.
And then... he fell into the pit.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively easy and enjoyable, the first part of Ye Shu is still in the online game, even between the guilds, but also because often by Ye God dog blood, not at all heavy.
As for the part of the game, there was a little bit of sweet acidity written about the changes of the times (probably my sentimental sense).
Reading the whole book took me a lot of time to study, but I just can’t stop.
Full-time description of the characters and emotional lines makes people very amazing, some characters only occasionally brought, will also leave a deep impact, like the focus of the character Ye Shu Huang Tian Su Huang Orange have a large number of fans, and not in the writing center of the characters such as Jiang Pota Chu Yun Xiu, etc. are also very much looking for people, in an e-sports game even let people not find a hateful character, this is a full-time success in the character description.
And on the emotional line, full-time is not the general net text of the reproachable back palace of beautiful 30 million or beauty or rotten problems, the full text of all people's feelings, have a common place is that they like to glorify this game, and most want a decent victory.
There are small measurements but no big conspiracy, everyone looks so simple and cute.
That’s probably why there’s no such thing as a full-time job.
Full-time IP is great, thanks to this.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of the web, it is a good book full time.
How much he really would give people some warm blood, a little touch.
Full-time animation will take place in April.
In fact, I want to buy this set of books for a long time, because the wallet is not thick enough not hard to start, then I want to buy when I found that TB is simply fake rampant, in fact, full-time recently released another version, cover map I myself is quite like, but I still plan to buy the old version first, so I looked at it on Amazon, bought a set at once.
Next, let’s briefly describe the situation of the goods.
The fourth book is not covered, but the book is new.
The seventeenth book was sealed, but was opened, and the texture of the book was strange to feel that there was no other hardness.
The 23rd book is the same as the 17th book, but also harder than the 17th book, but much older.
Individual books are published differently, as if books 23 and 17 are the same publisher, and others are different.
Overall, it is quite satisfactory, 24 books a large box, very satisfied.
The lonely little lion.
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as The Lost Corner, and the result was a lot of words!
I read it three times before reading the book to children, a little lion who can shoot, a little lion who loves to eat juice soft sugar.
When the lion eats the hunter, there is a slight discomfort, and modern urban people are a bit uncomfortable with such an arrangement being eaten by animals.
In the end, this little lion, who has succeeded in human society, has lost himself, and is no longer a complete lion, nor a complete man.
At last, only the back of the little lion, did not know where he had gone.
Perhaps years later, the image of this little lion still remains in the impression of a grown child, in a certain day inadvertently remembered, perhaps touching or inspiring her.
Cost-effective collection.
Previously did not know TASCHEN, recently bought a lot of their books, the reason is too strong, whether it is the choice of the subject or the production itself.
The book has been published in three editions, the largest version, like the Michelangelo collection, is nearly 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this edition is the smallest, and comes with two books in a book box.
Personally, I think it is also acceptable, the price is cheap, and more than 700 pages divided into two, as paperback is also better to read; the second is different from the Michelangelo collection, the painting occupies the main body, Da Vinci this black and white manuscript accounted for most, for the limited budget, non-art professional readers, this edition as the appreciation of paintings and manuscripts cost-effectiveness ratio is the highest.
2, the explanation of the painting part is great, there is composition analysis, draft analysis and historical background (such as the last supper), but do not know if it is printing or book size problem, some shadow part of the county is too deep, can not see the details, a little regret.
Compared with Michelangelo's manuscript, Da Vinci's manuscript content is much richer.
The former is already a genius, and the latter is not a genius enough to describe.
If before you could only see half of Da Vinci by looking at paintings, you would be completely speechless after reading the manuscript.
Who buys junk, who regrets it!
Never give bad reviews, this genuine rubbish, bought a waste of money horse, give a reason!
The time to go is not allowed, suddenly becomes January 1st, time goes to zero.
Low-quality belts, are not silicone, with the wrist allergy foam.
Often not connected to the phone.
The duration is only five days.
The sleep test does not show, the time is 0.
6) Not water resistant.
(7) Other.
Logistics too slow.
I received it on October 16th and received it on October 21st.
The delivery is too bad, shopping on Amazon would have been slow, I did not expect it would be so slow!
Overall Satisfaction
Before the beginning was also worried about the camera packaging, this time it is good, there is an inflatable bag, the camera three yards consistent, can also be registered on the official website, shutter number 0, the rest can only wait for the time to check.
Shipping speed is still quite fast, here to tug a little express brother, valuable items are put in the concierge, go fast, I can not check in front of him out of the box, on this point is really speechless.
Before shipping the merchants did it for the customers:)
Merchants are more responsible, special phone calls to ask the screen size of the camera used, really for the customer.
Shipping speed is also fast.
The film is also suitable and useful.
Batteries are not full.
The machine is really good, I want to ask how to charge for the first time, the charging indicator light has been red.
Currently, there is no official Amazon feedback channel, so you can only give feedback in product reviews.
On March 29, the book was purchased for $31 through pre-order channels, showing that March 31 will be pushed to the device, at which time the Amazon official website could not preview the book (because it has not yet been released);
March 31 pushed to the device of the book, the content is blank, only please look forward to, and the Amazon electronic version of the book is reduced to 18 yuan;
The two days of repeated attempts to delete the blank book downloaded on the device, synchronized again, can not get the electronic version of The Essence of Business containing the actual content, but see that the official Amazon website can already preview the book.
I have some feelings right now.
The question of price is not the most important, the key is now how to replace the blank book on Kindle with the actual content of the book, instead of forever downloading it is "please look forward"
Pre-ordered books should not be bought again, after all, in case of skipping tickets, then download an empty book content, the procedure looks very complicated;
Hopefully Amazon will give a normal channel for feedback on such issues, when the e-book download, or use of doubts can have local feedback (work orders, online customer service can, you can refer to Microsoft's official store how to do)
Not highly recommended reading.
I read it a long time ago and I happened to read it from memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as a collection of fragments about love in life.
The tone of the book is extremely bland, is the kind of white boiling water flat, the sentence is the pursuit of simplicity to the extreme, the plot is also like a summer afternoon street, quiet flat.
Every short story is a silhouette of a small period of ordinary life, with no beginning and no ending.
The final collection is titled “What We Talk About When We Talk About Love.
I think, this novel collection, and its title, like a kind of behavioral art, the author wants to express is that love is not only the stage of grief and joy, urban legend of the sea stony rot, not only you Nong I Nong like paint, love is not only the above should not be represented above, love is also plain as water life, boring tasteless day after day, there is also a lack of life, reality escape, future dullness.
As you read this book, you may be reminded of the fighting couples next to you, the tasteless marriages of people you know, and the unhappy feelings.
This is exactly why I do not recommend reading, from an aesthetic point of view, the text and plot of the book are tasteless, unless your life is chaotic or sweet as life in a candy castle, otherwise you have to read the feeling is strange and boring.
In the depths of thought, the daily plot doesn’t brighten or expand one’s mind and vision (unlike Marx’s “Love in the Cholera”), and the short clips don’t address any questions, such as what mistakes lead to the failure of love?
The breakdown of the main character’s marriage is due to those reasons.
So I don’t recommend reading this book, it doesn’t make much sense to read it.
The author’s ideas are expressed more through techniques and genres than through storylines, which is also the reason for the poor reading experience of the book.
Good for reading, not looking at it.
The logic of the book is good, but the content is not rich enough.
A lot of sales theory explains what and why, but is weak on how to do it, only points the way but does not give concrete practices.
In addition, the book feels like a patchwork.
For example, there are both domestic and foreign; there are both well-known entrepreneurs or salesmen and well-known people.
I don’t know if it’s a story compiled for example, but it’s more convincing to cite some of the authors’ personal experiences.
The name of the customer or customer has changed.
The title is still a customer, and in the title it becomes a customer.
There are also problems with misspelling, missing punctuation, and numbering errors in the e-book.
All in all, this book is a good introduction to theory, but less suitable for people who already work in sales and want to improve their sales.
A quick understanding of internet finance
This book is shallow, can be said to be just an introductory lesson, can help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but to understand in depth, or to press the scoop, to dig deep yourself.
And the book time is earlier, the later Alipay WeCredit subsidy war to cultivate user habits content has not been mentioned, today's third-party payment share is just not the proportion said in the book so small.
Now many people go out to eat with a mobile phone, and businesses have abandoned UnionPay because of the high flow of the bank.
But I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book, I can see that the author has at least many years of financial observation experience, and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so I can write such an easy-to-understand content.
It’s easy to write, but it’s hard to write.
I admire you and want you to know!
The first factor that determines a person’s job satisfaction is not the level of pay, but whether they are given enough attention and appreciation at work.
According to Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, after the basic human needs have been satisfied, the most urgent is the satisfaction of the psychological need – the desire to be understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for the people of China, most of it is "love you in the heart difficult to open", even with love, gratitude and appreciation is quietly put in the heart will not say it.
In this book, the author elaborates on five languages of appreciation: affirmative words, careful moments, acts of service, gifts of appreciation, and physical contact.
I think it’s not important that you know exactly what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can express your appreciation and gratitude to the people around you, whether they’re family, friends or co-workers, in those five languages at any time.
In fact, the more intimate we are, the more we need appreciation and gratitude, so that our lives will be better.
Learned to appreciate that enterprises can also retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thanks to the translators for bringing us wonderful foreign ideas and the world.
Due to the Chinese and Western cultural background, there will be more or less differences between languages, if there is a chance to see the author's original version, I believe it will harvest more.
Thanks again to the authors, translators and editors for their hard work!
Suspected counterfeit goods, please check Amazon strictly.
Super poor quality, loose packaging, no weight, even less than the roadside stall products, no weight, no bar code, ten bags packaging is loose, completely not the characteristics of qualified products; is Amazon's worst shopping experience, has applied for returns; completely belongs to the quality problem; recommended merchants to wipe their eyes, refuse inferior goods; addition: also bought heart print, supermarket 23 yuan/10 volume, added a few contrast photos, further verify the counterfeit of the product, in order to give consumers a clearer reference, avoid economic loss and further unhappy mood!
Again, expect Amazon to be meticulous and strict to the source of goods.
There is a gap between products and expectations.
Advantages:
Big brand, cheap price.
Advantage 2: The motor and the blade are PANASONIC guaranteed, it is also OK to use, but there is a gap with my expectations.
Weaknesses:
Charging no indicator light, this most basic your power instructions are saved, estimated to buy 300 yuan products customers, in the eyes of Panasonic Panasonic, is also charity, no respect.
When charging, even if only 10 minutes of charging, you can smell the strong plastic burning.
The office tried for a day, and the whole house was filled with this plastic taste.
Compared with the same price Philips Philips I used before, although more knife, but Panasonic this product, the quality is really sorry consumers.
Small packaging
Receive the express delivery at the sight of the above written e-commerce version will know that it fell into the pit, than the supermarket buy smaller, should be M, and the product introduction above the picture packaging is different, the so-called new version.
Three stars is to blame for their sloppy do not see the product specifications, you sell M code e-commerce version I have no opinion, you are not the right version is how many mean?
E-commerce routine deep, have time or go to the supermarket to buy.
The sauce purple.
I don't like the smell.
Children do not like the taste of toothpaste, each time say spicy, perhaps with other words to describe it more appropriate, children's vocabulary temporarily only this word.
I bought it at the time of the event, it was very cheap, so I was ashamed to give bad reviews, four stars, but I will not buy it again.
Perfectly packaged.
The packaging is complete, there is an inflatable bag inside, there are no online reviews only the look of a bare product.
There is also a layer of plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle as described in the picture, the express delivery is also fast, the photo will come the next day.
It's real, just out of stock, and I don't know when it's coming back.
A terrible shopping experience.
Black five time of the order, the result of waiting a long time did not receive, the following inquiry, the package has already been signed, asked the colleagues around are said not to help sign, urgently contact the courier company, but said to send the party to initiate the inquiry, contacted Amazon customer service, waited more than ten days, finally figure out is the courier was mistakenly thrown to others, and a few turns to finally get back the courier, the outer packaging has been dismantled, the goods are still considered complete, do not know have been used, in short, it is bad.
Wrong map.
I thought I could receive a headset such as Figure 1, did not expect but received a headset such as Figure 2, even if the picture is inconsistent, the size of the headset is different and what does it mean?
Although the name is the same, but I hope that everyone can pay attention to it, and also ask the head of Amazon to replace the correct layout in time, thank you very much.
Operating system generally
After a while, overall, the picture can still, feel no difference, that is, the system let people watch the entanglement, the startup time is obviously a little slow, can not carry out a good set-up, the software is not required to comment, the response speed is more general, and compared to colleagues that is not an order of magnitude.
Look at the comments said very human design, I did not find where human, the remote control this commonly used up and down, the return key design location is really not a compliment.
So, let’s be a TV, and then a TV box.
The price cut is too big.
The price is so low, more than a hundred in 99!
Amazon has accumulated a lot of unrated orders, so I used a single copy of the sentence as a review.
If I use this paragraph to rate this product, it means that it has a score of at least 85 points.
And the poor products, I will definitely not be lazy to copy and paste reviews, so that other consumers will be used as a reference when buying, and merchants will improve the quality of goods.
Good price, no fever is enough!
Such a cheap line, but it should be to reach the HDMI certification standard, personally compared to the second to kill the domestic Akiba original these bullshit stuff (the price is twice as expensive), the line is sturdy, also relatively soft, 7 meters transmission no noise, the low price line recognition doubled!
Things are OK, but Amazon’s after-sales service is really a lot worse than other sites
After placing an order found wrong, but cancel the order has not been canceled, the web contact online customer service has been displaying the wrong link, can not contact.
After the arrival of the delivery man to call me, I said I do not, want to cancel the order unsuccessfully, the dispatcher took it back, said first to give me the signature, let me apply for a return.
When applying for return only to inform the food class once the signature can not be returned, can not call Amazon customer service, it is the same saying, the signature can not be returned.
I have previously bought in Jingdong and Suning policy items that can not be returned, including milk, diapers, etc., contact customer service are returned, and Jingdong diapers are opened after the taste is too great contact customer service is still returned, to you Amazon will not.
Rules are dead, people are alive, contact your customer service, how to deal with them?
Tell me either I take it myself, or let the dispatcher buy it themselves, it would not be easy for the dispatcher, why do I ask people to pay for what they did not buy themselves?
Well, I'm not going back, I took it myself, but I have to give you a point for your service.
I urge everyone not to spend money.
First full of expectation to buy, feel that the Dole brand should not be bad where to go, after receiving the packaging feel ok, the head is still good, but there is a box basically are soft, the appearance is not visible, to feel, to eat in the mouth completely no taste, faint tasteless, bite off the flesh a circle is dark yellow is broken that kind, good and bad sold, can eat is less than a third, advise you not to buy, not cheap, quality is too bad!
Eat a lot of wisdom and no longer buy fruit in the e-commerce!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting product?
Bottle of the bottom corner of the depression of the strong, should be experienced a strong impact to lead, from the outer packaging bag, feel the degree of devastation is heartbreaking, after all, food packaging is too simple, and still belongs to the international purchase, there is no obvious anti-counterfeiting logo, opening the bottle very easy, the key is a layer of honey inside the cover directly from the inside, there is almost no stickiness, foreign products are like this?
When I was born in China, I don’t understand it.
Must be genuine, right?
There is also a prompt when shooting twenty-three, this is received on the 14th, I bought overseas for the first time here, just write down their doubts, maybe this is normal?
Delivery services need to be improved
I bought a total of 5 coupons, at the time of extraction, the first appointment to extract 3 copies, the result was only sent 2 copies, after multiple communication to confirm the leakage, promise to be reissued; the second appointment, just to catch the rest day, the website and WeChat are no hints need to make an appointment on the working day, caused unnecessary panic, suggested improvements later.
Good shopping.
Something good!
Or rather believe in Amazon's own business, now overseas purchase is very convenient, from abroad to buy back logistics time than domestic is also a few days, I have to say that Amazon overseas purchase to domestic customs clearance capacity is still very strong, than transhipment is much faster, so now a lot of things are bought overseas.
Hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better, many things are domestic, but go out and buy it back cheaper than at home, hope to improve.
Rubbish
Seeing such a package, try to ask everyone: Do you think it is rubbish on the roadside?
A plastic fragile packaging, with a plastic bag sent from the so-called Germany, is such packaging responsible?
I see such packaging is the same as garbage, buy this product, packaging and its rudeness, without any measures to prevent damage, on a simple plastic bag packaging, after the arrival, the package is completely deformed, the items inside are also damaged.
If I just come across one of these, I admit, bought a few are like this, look for Amazon customer service, customer service said can return, but the shipping fee is advanced, and then the shipping fee is returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I try to ask, I pay for shipping with cash, you give me back the gift card, this is to buy your gift card myself, but also to mail the product to the German warehouse, this is not a crime to buy a product!
And I have always said to customer service, the emergence of such a problem is whose responsibility, customer service but half a sentence does not say it is their responsibility, even half a sentence of responsibility do not dare to assume, such after-sales service is what guarantee? In a word: Confess!But I estimate my evaluation, Amazon will not give the opportunity to publish, directly back to delete!
Good quality 5 stars, poor logistics.
1, the quality is very good, the second kill, the price is moderate, the value for money.
2, strong, the material foot, the weld point is strong, the surface is properly treated, the color is very good.
3, logistics is hard injury, number 3 under the single, number 11 to.
If Amazon didn’t mark the expected arrival date of February 7, I’d probably be happy.
5, but marked the expected arrival time, is equivalent to giving the user a promise, when the promise can not be fulfilled, the user is very difficult.
If you are not sure of giving a commitment, please do not make a commitment.
In fact, I care a lot about the promises made by the merchants.
Eight, so I hit low.
The gold thread will fade.
The effect is still there, but whether the feeling is obvious depends on the individual or the psychological effect.
There is a little not very good, that is, the gold line, originally designed to feel good, but in fact, this gold wire will fade, to the car, if you take it a few times, on the hand, and on the car, there will be some gold powder.
Hopefully the product can be improved.
This square, there is no decorative effect, do not engage in the gold wire, fall on the car to dirty the car is still trouble.
Things are good, speed can, divided into 2 packages are different packaging.
The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but it is 2 pieces divided into 2 packages, the packaging is not the same, obviously a shockproof too much, thick cardboard adhered, sealed the layer of plastic, the outer packaging is also convenient to remove, a domestic express box like, put a few buffer airbags on the matter, feel a little perfunctory.
Yale mattress is really good.
34CM mattress is not generally thick, do not bed directly sleep mattress can.
The quality is very good, both front and back, are very soft, sleep is very comfortable, lie on it and fall asleep quickly.
After receiving the mattress because of the express violent transportation there are some stains in two places, Yalan customer service is very responsible, very efficient contact solved the problem.
It’s not a self-owned product, Amazon is shameless.
The page is clearly marked self-operated, in fact, distributed by the supplier, after-sales by the supplier, contact the supplier themselves if the problem arises.
Want to cancel the order, sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier, can not be canceled; want to return the goods, in Amazon successfully applied for a refund, sorry, no one to you, need to contact the supplier to return the goods.
This is Nimah’s own merchandise.
Goods are not Amazon distribution, after-sales Amazon does not bear, customer service even said "I help you contact the supplier", but also claimed to be self-employed, too shameless, naked face, naked consumer fraud!
A depressing experience.
Previously in other online shopping filter, the filter effect is good, after the end of 28 days, then use more than one or two days also no scale.
Since the quality of things purchased at Amazon can be, this time I think about buying on this side, the first time buying filter in Amazon, feeling not very good, not only early began to have scale, and the filter has been used until the 28th day, there will be suspended small black carbon powder, I really do not know whether to continue to use, or directly threw good, very depressing ~
Not as good as imagined.
Compared with the wiring board I have used in the past, the external work is generally, how the inside is not opened to see, I hope as described by the store, from the point of view of ease of use, each independent unit whether the lack of electricity is displayed.
The packaging is broken, wait for time to check the quality of the product.
Outer packaging damage is more serious, the inside of the box seems to be new, but the instructions seem not to be new, September decoration, hoarding, hopefully it will not be bad, please explain why several customers mention packaging damage, you can be safe, thank you!
Overall good, a bit of a problem.
The first purchase of the filter kettle, read a few reviews, feel that the cost-effectiveness ratio of LAICA selected this, received the instructions for the filter, tried it, the overall feeling is good, but when pouring the water, as if the raw water will be mixed from the pot and the treated water (the original reservoir seal is not too tight).
Make sure to wait until all the water is filtered out!
The picture is incomplete.
The picture does not take the details of the side, the details of the side and the main style is not consistent, there is a big difference, this is one; this bead is made in Thailand, there is no indication of the origin, this is the two; no indication of the texture, this is the three; I bought in the UK, each box, here is only a simple plastic bag, and the bead does not have any product mark, where I judged to be true or false.
Be careful when buying things, especially from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service is bad.
Two days ago the order, received today I found that it dropped 40 yuan, spent a lot of time to find customer service, customer service said can not make up the difference, can buy again and return.
This customer experience and service is ten thousand times worse than a certain treasure.
Well, as a newcomer, it’s worth it.
Good quality to go, and the best of the King Kong, before seen the price of the mall, to say a few hundred, I was the first time to play King Kong, okay.
Something good.
Things are really good, send the girlfriend, but at noon I am not in Canada when some unpleasant, the logistics company directly put the mail deposit treasure and did not send the verification text message to me, caused me to run two trips.
But baby is really good.
Worth buying.
Little monkey cute, Amazon offer is really strong, Zhou Zheng official website direct delivery, order the night before, received this afternoon, really fast.
The postman is also responsible.
Appreciate!
Confession of a customer.
1 Receive such defective goods, Amazon customer service tell you not to hurry, we will contact you about 54 hours.
Then in the middle you contact the customer service, they will tell you that the problem will be dealt with by a commissioner, who will inform you of the results.
You never take the initiative to contact this commissioner, do not know her work number, nor do you have a direct contact phone, that is, you can not contact her, only she contact you.
The tragedy is that I waited for nearly three days, the commissioner contacted me, my phone left for a while, did not receive the call of the commissioner.
I waited two hours and didn’t wait for the commissioner’s call, during which I volunteered to contact Amazon customer service and e-mailed customer service to ask her to call me back.
Nearly 3 days have passed, I still do not know what Amazon will do to me with this defective coffee machine!
5 American Amazon goods are no problem, overseas buying this way of shopping is good, but it is far from the service to America and Asia.
6 For me, I can only wait...
Unbalanced
Because the comments said in the comments are very good, all very much looking forward to this pot, get the hand is also very like, very light, but when the pot is opened, the bottom of the pot is not flat, the middle protrudes, the surrounding cavity, the oil is running to the periphery, specially bought boiling pot big fat exploded a lot of oil can not cover the central area, paste, boiling pot can not open, such a construction estimate can not cook normally.
Do not know if I was unlucky, just got a pot with uneven bottom, thankfully Amazon to provide a month of return service, decidedly withdrew.
I cleaned the pot clean and stayed busy for half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve
This is a product with a very simple design style.
The shape of the cube, the designer treats the top into a tiny arc.
It should have been a very smooth line.
Unfortunately, the final effect was not achieved.
Because there are two parts at the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the water box top cover.
The curvature of the top cover and the curvature of the control panel are actually inconsistent, and a height difference of up to 2mm appeared after joining.
Although it looks like a small gap.
But it can be said to have destroyed the whole design.
I’m a little worried about the product designer.
It seems that beautiful product managers do not yet have the ability to create such a level of product.
(For the feedback of the after-sales lady of course can not ask too high, but when I hear after-sales say that all the individuals of this product are like this, not only I bought the problem, her unconvincing and truthful emotions let me understand that the beauty can not ask too high) 2019-7-7 pump failure water output is less, has been the second repair, and two weeks after the first repair is broken.
After the offer is profitable, Amazon fake offer is sad
The baby is born a week and is very warm.
The outside of the pot can not touch a trace of heat, that is, not afraid to burn to people can also effectively protect the temperature from dissipation.
After one night the air-conditioned room can still maintain a high temperature.
Amazon said the 320th anniversary of the event, and later found that we have 249,289,299 have, an instant sense of being deceived, but to the supermarket is still more economical than the same price of various miscellaneous brands, the future can be carried with the car.
The Vitamix 6300
It has been waiting for a long time, to see the US 6300 discount, Central Asia overseas purchase the same price, and hurry to start.
September 2 placed an order, the expected arrival is 21st, the result is 12th, almost 10 days in advance, the speed is really fast!
The packaging box is not large, directly using the original packaging of Vitamix, Amazon is not afraid of the ocean breaking!
The machine looks very new, the accessories are complete, that is, the cup is shaking on the base, I am afraid to start the cup directly flying out!
Asked a friend of 5,200 and listened to him describe how easy it was without mine.
The randomly attached recipe is all in English, very tired to see, and I can not find the Chinese version on the Internet, this is a trouble!
After receiving the goods immediately bought a transformer, it is estimated that 3 days can arrive, and then a good toss!
Too small, no umbrella, average material.
Not big at all!
The second totes, 1. this no umbrella cover 2. umbrella handle material 3. clearly written Large, in fact, is a convenient umbrella for one person, two people estimate enough.
Instead, the one bought in America and Asia before can use three people without pressure.
Not feeling good.
First, the box is not very strong, with the click of the deformation, followed by the flat design of the back to prevent the ABS scratching of the box and can not play a role, again the box is a piece of cloth wrapped, pull the rod highlighted.... and so on, all sorts of dissatisfaction, and finally the zipper was a little unsmooth.
PS: The wheels are really good.
It can also
Advantages: This shoulder bag is more delicate and looks durable.
Disadvantages: the two-dimensional code on the card can not be swept (what the hell), 15.6-inch notebook can not be put down (a little longer can not), this two-shoulder zipper can be locked, but not for the buyer to prepare a lock, can not be called service first.
All right, I don't know if it's real skin.
The overall feeling is good, without knowing whether it is genuine skin, can not be blindly evaluated.
A4 format file can be loaded with 80 pages thick, but too thick too hard box-shaped objects (can not be deformed) are estimated to be unloadable.
The bag is very soft, the inner bag separation is also more human, or quite good.
It’s just that I got a little sand eye at the bottom of this, I don’t know if I’m a bad person or not.
Lazy to exchange the goods, endure.
A total of 4 stars is worth it.
ForRoyal Fans Worldwide Camera Backstrap Single Mirror Backstrap
This backpack is designed more scientifically, hanging shoulders, practical, and the chest is a soft material to fix and protect the camera, not like other fast shooters with screws to fix the bottom injury camera, and it is also convenient to take off the photo.
After the sale of rubbish.
I bought a guitar a month and a half ago, missing a part, notified Amazon after giving me the phone after the sale, after many communications, the parts now have not received, please what is the efficiency!
Estimated after the problem repair more trouble, expect a good after-sales friends or a detour, too much trouble!
Small flaws, good sound.
The head is defective, missing a horn, the feeling is defective, there is no gift, but the price is good, the sound of the guitar is good.
All right, the first one.
It took a long time, except for the bass, but overall it was good.
The work is not as perfect as imagined.
When I bought it for the first time, there was something wrong, and all the lights were flashing and couldn’t be used.
Asked for the exchange, as a result, the goods have been delivered to Shanghai for three days, and have not yet been delivered.
No calls for delivery either.
The courier company says they only have that contact.
Amazon has no place to complain.
No request, delayed delivery case, inexplicably delayed delivery at my request - such a text came over.
Then there is the question of transference.
The poor shopping experience, however, began to question the effectiveness of Amazon’s logistics and control systems.
I don’t expect to get it today either.
The label is too bad, not waterproof.
Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, but the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface has no coating; and the sticker is very poor, for the cable label is not at all, it is very easy to fall off, to buy for arranging the cable friends need to pay attention.
The pen can still be, but the package is too simple, just a paper box, no protection measures, and the pen box is stuck with a large piece of transparent glue, torn off the glue is on the box.
$600 worth of stuff is just such a disappointing purchase.
The pen is no problem.
Hopefully it will improve on the packaging!
The quality of writing is not as good as 925-25.
First of all, express every day, aviation parts, super fast, service attitude is also very good!
Have been using 925-25, very good, just received 925-85, the quality of the pen is not said, the style is also very beautiful, the reason to give four stars is because the pen is a little heavy, not suitable for fast writing, pen cap adjust the length of the lead core is a little shaky, personal opinion: 925-25 to be more smooth than 85.
It has become Amazon’s loyal powder.
Super discount price bought, as a result the children do not like to read pencils.
Have been unsealed, try to apply for a return, in fact, free of charge to pick up the item.
Too much cow.
We do not recommend returns, but such a service is the only one in China.
Hopefully not to be abused.
Later books were purchased here.
Headphone distortion, and noise.
This headset is really rubbish, I don’t know if my ears are wrong or if this headset is really not as good as it used to be.
I bought a blue one two years ago in a certain easy, the sound quality is good, no murmur bass is also good, with more than two years of broken intention to buy another (urbeats), after all, it feels good.
I saw a purple pretty good looking, as a result of buying this today open a listen to feel wrong, the sound of the big side of the sound is small.
At first I thought it was the sound of the song because of not much thought, but after listening to half a day I found the problem is very serious, not only the bias, the bass effect is not me before that sound good, and some noise, is only I bought this purple has this phenomenon?Or is the headphone manufacturing process really not working now?
Very poor evaluation, very disappointing.
It must be returned tomorrow.
PS is good.
This AV amplifier set up is complex, the appearance of rough work, and the heat is large.
The sound will take some time to review!
August 14 just got the German version of DN1080.
The front panel and knobs are plastic.
The backboard audio input jack, the speaker output terminals are good and bad, and you can find a 1000-2000 CD power amplifier is much better than this one.
The top cover is relatively thin, my transformer is still sunk on the other side, I have to recover by hand from the box, the top cover and the front panel combined loosened.
The center of gravity of the entire machine is biased toward the transformer end, and it is very awkward when moving.
It feels like the Sony entry-level machine, just the work, made in Malaysia.
It feels like Sony to put a foundry in China is much better than a pony.
The machine is hot, the two channels used for watching the film for about 2 hours to touch the top cover with your hand to 40-50 °C, do not know whether the transformer is too big heat.
Now use more switching power, this stupid transformer is estimated to have 4KG.
Sony should use a silent fan with active heat dissipation inside the machine, and only see a large aluminum plate heat sink on the tube after unboxing.
Small Expensive
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a set of R&D design, processing production, marketing and trade clothing enterprises, mainly producing men's outdoor leisure clothing, is a thriving young enterprise.
FANDUN JEEP apparel focuses on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introducing international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and building a first-class domestic apparel production line.
Maintain excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.
In terms of information technology construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that enterprises in terms of comprehensive management capabilities have been strengthened and improved, and the overall level of enterprise modern management has been improved.
The company adheres to the "integrity, harmony, quality, excellence" business concept, products based on the domestic market, are favored by the majority of customers and merchants.
Van Gogh Jeep costume, because young, so confident!
We sincerely welcome domestic and foreign businessmen to come to cooperate and create brilliant!
Enterprise spirit: proactive, up-to-date, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, corporate mission: leading the trend, establishing a brand.
Not opened.
Batteries are in use.
I want to do an autopsy to see what’s in his stomach.
Then think about it, if it is very disappointed after dismantling, it is too much to spend so much money; if it is very satisfied after dismantling, it is difficult to reinstall, and it is not pleasant to use.
Even if Sony uses a good battery.
As for the detailed description of electricity, ordinary people look at the heart will faint.
I'm fine, I've worked in the mobile phone factory for a long time, in addition to not understand the circuit, but also half a battery engineer, can withstand it.
Pleased to Expect
Before buying, I really do not have the bottom of my mind, until I open the packaging and feel very right!
Finally, when I touched the headphone wire, I felt particularly flexible, the quality was so good, I couldn't wait to plug into the phone to open QQ music.
I was amazed that the sound was in 3D!
I asked in the physical store, about 30 or so, but by no means the brand of the sampler, is miscellaneous, so I said that this sampler although 27 pieces, but the value for money is absolutely worth having!
The worst online shopping experience.
After placing the order on September 28, the system showed that the shipment had been shipped, and the result was until October 12 still did not receive the goods.
Asking the Amazon order status, the seller did not provide the courier number and could not find where the order was.
So he sent an email to the seller asking if he could provide a courier number, after two days has not responded.
Helpless, call Amazon customer service, customer service told the seller's mobile phone number, I called the store again, after calling a few times, the phone rang, was told the courier lost, can immediately re-send me one.
Although I was particularly angry, but because of the urgent need of the computer, so I did not tell the seller more, just send it to me immediately.
So I called the next day and asked if it was shipped?
The seller said not yet, but only in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon, the seller said it must be sent, shipped after 5 or 6 pm, and as a result, when I called at 7 pm, no one answered the phone.
I called again on the third morning and asked if it had been delivered.
Can you give me the order number?
The seller said no, and told me if I was in a hurry let me order from someone else, and if I could wait, send it in the afternoon.
No way, order from another house will have to wait a long time.
Just ask the seller to send it quickly.
Finally, after countless phone tracking, I received the computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I do not know, because it was bought for someone else, add comments later.
Just bought half a year no use a few times, now has poor contact, can I ask repair?
Because it has a desktop, it has not been used a few times since I bought it.
Just carry it in a bag a few times.
Recently, when it was found that the power supply was turned on, it was not charged, and it was necessary to use the left and right hand to hold a few times the connection of the charger and the wire in order to charge.
Suspicion is bad contact at the interface, do not know that it can be repaired now?
I strongly recommend Amazon to stop using EMS!
Goods five stars, logistics one star, average three stars.
Do not understand why Amazon to send EMS, the industry is recognized as unreliable, well, the computer is also a valuable item!
After the purchase order showed that delivery was expected on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
From Xiamen to Fuzhou, why did it take four or five days?
22 in the morning to check the logistics finally to Fuzhou, ready to open happy to receive the goods, as a result, in the evening in the absence of any phone, text message, a check the logistics, even at noon was signed, also show the person signed!
I was instantly shocked!
Who am I?Where am I?Did I buy this computer?
I doubt that life is good!
Finally, I took a trip to get the computer back.
The specific reason is simply because the courier brother turned the two single numbers upside down, it is good to not lose even if it is.
I strongly advise Amazon not to use EMS, in the future if Amazon uses EMS courier, I will definitely not buy again.
Goods are good.
First of all, just bought a few days to find the price reduction, poor reviews, are still good, cost-effective, CPU and graphics card enough to cope with mainstream online games and quite a part of large single machine, heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a little leaking (ips screen disease), sound quality is not very good, hard disk is not good (recommended to spend some money to add a solid state), yesterday took a hardware after-sales test, no problem, bring win8.1 is not very good, it is recommended to upgrade to 10, seller ship quickly, questions answered quickly. The computer bill arrived the next day, alright, unfortunately there were no gifts.
(By the way, buy a keyboard sticker must not go to a certain treasure called E Cool Digital Center store to buy, shipping slow quality poor, the product has no problems, the boss is still full of dirty words, especially exposed)
Things are good, platform bureaucracy remains.
Hard drive quality is very good, cost-effective, cheaper than Hong Kong to buy, not in a hurry to use and can tolerate logistics absolutely recommended to buy.
But I have to say that the Amazon platform is still bureaucratic, compared with a few years ago when I swore absolutely not to use it, you can never find the actual logistics situation, the information is always a few weeks later, can never complain, it is so bureaucratic!
The goods have been received in a few days, the logistics information is still 10 days after you will receive the goods!
Logistics unsuspecting
Sent in this way, not only the packaging is flattened, the electrical packaging is also open, and I do not know whether there is any packaging.
FYI
Have not tried it yet, have always trusted Philips, hoping that the battery life will be longer than other brands.
Checked on the Internet, it may be a common disease in the water, and there is no guarantee.
depressed!
Wrap it up now, I don't know how long it will last?
Buying someone else’s.
More than three hundred machines require more than a hundred taxes, and now more than six hundred are more balanced.
Received the seal state of the tape is very wrong, like dismantled, immediately took a photo, definitely opened, opened after opening the cardboard there is damage, worried that others retreated, not to the anniversary day was hurry to give the husband to try, the result of the machine has no electricity, it is good that there is no dross in the knife head, or not far back!
Good or good use or short term will have any problems is unknown, such as the previous evaluation, the things sent when out of stock are really unreliable!
Higher level of experience.
Almost the top electric, there are many kinds of tooth cleaning modes, but few people will change different modes every day.
After half a year there is no problem, brush every day, almost one more Monday rush.
Brush accessories are equally cheap to buy on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, in addition to changing the color of those, other seemingly compatible problems are the reasons for the overseas version?
I want to study law.
Cost is very high.
It has been used 3-4 times.
1) Packed well.
2, the use is very simple, cleaning is also very convenient.
You can do a DIY haircut and save money.
Overall, a very successful purchase.
Fake goods.
The last time I bought two packages, it is actually two different versions, the original packaging on the lower left corner of the word is green, the result is a package is not, is the white word, the result is the cat eating and pulling the stomach.
Whether Amazon’s source is fake, or if it was shipped by employees, I can’t be sure.
I’ll buy it again, and if it’s fake, I’ll go to your people to blame.
It's overbearing!
Amazon's picture is slashes, the result is sent to me is slashes, isn't that deceiving?
Effect as well.
Cats love to eat, that’s the point.
It is also effective.
Tight, narrow, grinding feet, grinding feet.
Not recommended.
1.UN is Clarks most comfortable series, unfortunately this one is too bad.
Today, compared with the previous UN series of shoe pads (shoes throw the pads to use), the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, the breathability is not as good as before, is fake soft.
The back of my feet is not very high, the part of the jaw is at the top of the foot about 3 centimeters forward.
Overseas purchased three pairs of clarks, only one pair is suitable.
I am so scared to remove all the items in my collection.
Go back and try Rockport, you can’t just go to the ecco store.
Poorly controlled, poorly controlled.
First of all, it is worth affirming that Prime overseas purchase UPS is very strong, and the single No. 6 under No. 31 received.
The color of the shoes looks a lot better than the picture, and the cortex feels good.
The shoe size is a little larger, 25 feet long 10.5 wide shot 7.5W, the upper foot is a little loose, but usually like to wear a little loose, pad a pair of shoe pads just right.
Secondly, this shoe quality control is really afraid to compliment, a shoe soles are damaged, the other shoe has various scratches and a needle eye, the shoe soles and the shoe soles are misplaced, clearly placed in the second place!
A little regret!
Do the activity 280 bucks, this price to buy Arthur quite cost-effective, of course look at the comments there is a lower price.
Now talk about shoes, the advantages: shoes are very light, running is very comfortable, also more suitable, will not loose and collapse.
The face value is very high, but the disadvantages are also obvious: I generally wear 40 shoes, this time bought 40.5, wear into the front of the shoe probably still 1 thumb distance, but this does not affect anything.
The shoe is very "narrow", although the front still has a distance, but feels tight.
Also, shoes may not be very breathable, and now wear feels hot feet.
Pressure on the back.
First of all, the shoes work very well and are worth the price.
My feet are very standard kind, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, Amazon's love step also bought a few pairs, never appeared inappropriate, but this pair I refer to the review, buy big one uk7, the upper foot because the length of the large one is obviously elongated, but because the pad is too thick, or the back pressure of the foot is strong, plus the hiking shoes are very hard, leading to the upper foot is very uncomfortable.
If your feet aren’t particularly thin, I don’t recommend buying this one.
If you must buy, a new shoe pad can also be solved, but the original shoe pad looks very high-end, it is not a pity.
What a perfect shopping!
Very satisfied, very like, Amazon overseas purchases are genuine without doubt, the quality is also very good, good and cheap, safe to buy, after-sales service is very thoughtful, customer service attitude is very friendly and friendly, problem handling is patient and efficient, perfect solution to worries, supporting express delivery to the door is very convenient and safe, delivery master is very good for customers, every time will be reminded in time from the courier to pick up goods, thank Amazon to customers to provide such a comfortable shopping experience.
We all love shopping at Amazon!
Absolutely bad reviews!
It’s very hard to talk about this company and Amazon.
Buying electronics on Amazon should be careful.
Even though it’s been a long time, I still have to throw up.
Winter kills, less than 200 seconds, and is useless at home for months.
Spring to use when found and bracelet can not be connected, both equipment manuals support each other, later found that it should be the heart rate band problem, because to find other equipment is not connected.
Call Amazon and ask me to contact the agency, which asked me to send the device to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the stuff was sent back as it was, even the express box is the one I used when I sent it!
There are no responses and test reports!
Tell me if it’s good or bad!
Call to ask, say that this is sent back to indicate that the equipment is ok, it is good.
But how can I still not connect, the agency replied: That is not their business.
I’m sorry I’m not getting paid for something like 200 bucks.
Serious goods are wrong.
Very wrong plate.
The headband material is good.
Better than Nike.
Breathability is also good.
Just the hat in front.
very fine.
Are you trying to make fun of it?！
It is completely unprotected from the sun.
No returns because it works well as a headband.
Wear it up even though it doesn’t cover the sun.
It’s different from other headgear styles.
Keep to use.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks the spirit of contract, and the delivery men are good.
I ordered Saturday and Sunday delivery!
Amazon’s rules don’t allow Saturday and Sunday deliveries.
Hurry up, drive 200 km from the field to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The courier was very active and enthusiastic.
Give a compliment!
The merchandise, just try it, is good.
But I have never bought a similar product before and cannot compare the price!
Dimensions of Logistics
Work is still possible, that is, the logistics is too slow, the previous shoes everything is DHL, this time Apex is really... domestic bought a lot of UA, the price is not low, feel more than Nike Adidas grade higher?
It’s all just as good, so the sea.
Size: My height is 176CM, 68KG, my shoulder width is 180, bought M, the lower position is slightly long, the other dressed just right, I see there is a recommended S code, the body is so slim?Do you like to be tight?I think the shirt is more relaxed.
Size just right.
Chest circumference 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, before the purchase consult the customer service was told should buy XXL, and then looked at the comments decisively to start L, after receiving found the size exactly right, almost been pitched.
The price of double 11 is much higher than the price of black 5.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem of affordable goods is troublesome!
No. 18 under the single, the 25th received the goods, Guangzhou to Beijing snail speed!
Buying is Z affordable goods, the instructions tell there are scratches, but after receiving the goods found missing 4 screws and nuts!
The child is not willing to return, thinking about the problem is not big, but accessories such small parts, the child's grandfather ran a few nearby hardware stores have not bought!
Grandpa finally got it!
I don’t think I’ll be able to buy Z anymore!
Poor quality of toys.
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, the bolts are very laborious, visible that the processing quality is not good, and do not know how long you can play, because it is promised to the child something, will not retreat.
Other comments say the installation is easy, is there a problem only with this one I bought?
Very generally.
Was it my bad luck?
The packaging is old enough; the work is very ordinary; the music is only one and only 8 seconds long and then repeated; the action is to shake the head forward, without any change.
Not worth the price.
Urgent, no return.
Good quality toys, pack them.
Yesterday received the express delivery, Amazon bought, marked is EMS delivery, and finally Tmall's express delivery, this is how many bends?Is the relationship between Amazon and Tmall good?
Let's talk about the packaging, is to pack a few layers of protective film, inside even a packaging plastic bubble paper is not, open a look, all the parts are placed in the empty box, good toy quality, no broken parts, is smaller than imagined, because it is not battery, hand push often derailed, feel the gap on both sides of the track is too large, the design is unreasonable.
Good quality, fun.
Very fun, the components are very accurate, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is almost the same as LEGO, and the price is very favorable when doing activities.
The process of assembling is very fun, I come to play, 5 year old son to play, it is very good.
He laughed and would probably continue to buy this brand of toys.
New machine, good sea.
Christmas had a look, before buying expensive 150 yuan, but now shipping is a little slower.
The machine is good, it’s all new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then connecting the elf ball words will send a dream.
It’s more portable than the PS4.
Already bought Zelda, wait for the game, try again.
Producing rotten goods, selling rotten goods, resulting in rotten goods service, bought six watches to send children, of which a quick figure shows incomplete, six pieces of time are inconsistent, the difference is more than ten hours.
Do I contact the manufacturer to ask if there is a check time on the clock?They replied "yes", since there is, why the time difference so much, that must be the watch has no precision, simply said is the water products, not what I say bad, see, it is obvious quality problems (digital display is incomplete) are out for sale, is not junk.
I contacted the seller, the seller said a lot of reasons, but also complained about what should not have been bought from them in the first place, such a product, such a seller, such after-sales service, who dared to buy things on Amazon in the future.
In any case, I recommend that you do not buy anything from this seller, which is also junk.
Amazon's shipping problem
Upon receipt of the goods, the inspection found:
1, the table packaging is seriously damaged.
2, the table description has serious use of folds.
3, the table does not go, the desk lamp charging is not used, can not adjust the time.
4, contact Amazon customer service separately, can only be sent to the United States at their own expense, and then make up the postage.
5 and 2 points because the customer service is good.
I can only say that it fits together.
Time is not very accurate, about a second a day, used only a few months has been faster than two minutes.
Having used a piece of West Railway City before, it feels like a year or two will not be a few seconds away.
The perpetual calendar function is quite good, the timing function is a little ribbed, basically not used, occasionally mistakenly touch into the timing mode.
Solar Powered Sports Watch
Advantages: Solar charging does not have to worry about replacing the battery, has world time, a variety of alarms and whole point reminders.
Insufficient: The mirror is easily scratched and into dust.
Cost-effectiveness: the domestic general price is between 220-300, overseas purchase more than 180 (about 1 week).
Very happy watch.
Surely it is genuine, go to the counter to check the goods, the appearance of the table is very beautiful, fine workmanship, sufficient materials, plus it is imported mechanical movement, so there is a certain weight, is those three or four hundred so-called mechanical watches can not be compared, this is true.
The time of the watch is very accurate, the error is completely within the acceptable range, the packaging of the watch has a jewelry identification certificate, the dial of the 12 words there is a real diamond, this own wear is very suitable, as a gift to send out also very face.
The Bentley table is really good.
Worst shopping experience ever.
On the night of September 23, the wife's mobile phone crashed, heart and soul rush to Malay Amazon ordered a unit 8p, with goods but not self-operated and no surcharge (in my heart), because not self-operated shipping is relatively slow, the system shows that the latest delivery is expected to September 27.
Wife no mobile phone to die, the next morning more than 6 o'clock told me to think about ways, and then go to Jingdong to see 256G goods can be delivered on the same day, I have to immediately order another one.
When the new purchase is ready, I think about canceling Amazon’s order immediately.
Because the order is in the middle of the night, it is not possible to receive the courier in the early morning, 7 o'clock call the customer service to cancel the order, the customer service response has been canceled please wait for the text message notification.
Well, I waited patiently, by noon to look at the mobile phone, the order is still in the state is still not shipped, immediately contact the customer service request to cancel the order, the customer service response has been operating OK.
At 3 p.m. on the phone to see the order is still there, can only contact customer service again to clearly inform the third call, please cancel the order and notify the seller must not ship!
The customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request, and told me that the seller was unfamiliar with the system, to wait for the familiar system before canceling the order.
But make it clear to me that the seller already knows and absolutely will not ship, please rest assured.
When I see the order on Monday, it shows that it has already been shipped, I am speechless.
Since it is not possible to contact the seller directly, the customer service can only be called again.
The following treatment is simply speechless, basically I say a step, customer service only then operate.
The order has been rejected so far and is ready to ship again!
Will Amazon follow suit?
It doesn’t matter if the seller takes the money anyway.
In summary, there will be no prepayment in the future, this looks too troublesome.
It looks good.
A long time ago to see this camera, but because in addition to the price, there are some other reasons, so did not buy, this time because of parcel mail, the price can also be so bought.
After buying the other is no problem, that is, when the software connection, how can not be connected, my home is TP router, the Internet checked after finding that many people have this problem, made more than two hours, various router settings, finally I use 360 WIFI as a medium to get it right, during the call to Xiaomi customer service, they have no solution to this problem, directly let me contact Amazon for after-sales.
Another point worth noting is that I saw on the Internet user comments that this camera supports the memory card is the minimum 8G, the storage capacity is smaller can not be recognized, I hope you pay attention to this point.
Use it to feel ok, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is very poor, the machine has a certain degree of heat, has been turned on, feel this degree of heat is a little difficult to accept.
In summary, there are many shortcomings in this product, I hope everyone to be careful when buying.
The reason for giving 3 stars is because this is the first love of life bought, close to 3 years, so last year left me, until now.
The reason to give 3 stars, is because this is bought with the first love of life, now do not know to what extent, maybe throw it away!
Relationship nearly 3 years, so last year left me, to now think of her, heartache want to leave the world, life of the first woman, bring me a lifetime of shadow and heartache, so far can not come out.
When buying this mobile phone, think about the two feelings at the time, or can be together with the pain, but now it is unbearable to look back, life may be like this, some people do not want to meet, some things do not want to know a lifetime, but what is the way?
How many times when I see this Samsung mobile phone, my mind will remember her, that kind of pain will follow to fill the whole body, I never wanted to use more than 2 thousand yuan mobile phone, but bought her, but without hesitation, for a person better, but one day when she changed her mind, all the mountain alliance sea oath also disappeared.
Local products in the brand.
Huawei is a specialty in domestic goods.
Low-profile bosses and enterprises rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is very different from the current business climate that relies on advertising to improve visibility!
Companies without power cannot do this at all, nor dare to do so!
That’s why I chose Huawei.
I bought it for over half a year and it feels good, very good.
The reason I didn’t give a full score was because there was a misalignment when I was navigating offline with it, and I didn’t end up figuring out why, other times were fine.
And its online input to the destination, search after automatically design the route, leaving the wifi after departure, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical, no running traffic, it directly with the satellite dialogue to achieve positioning and navigation, very good!
Sony is good.
Sony's low-end machine, the design sense is still full, and the price is cheap, the screen is large enough, the endurance of the first level stick, for the elderly to use very suitable.
Even though it’s been a long time, there’s nothing wrong with this machine.
But since my Z2 was decentralized, this phone also did its job.
