This document is in accordance with the provisions of GB/T 1.1-2021 Standardization Work Guidelines Part 1: The structure of standardization documents and the drafting rules.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology "Chinese coded character set compared with GB 18030-2005, except for structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows:
Added the applicable objects of this document (see Chapter 1)，
The GB/I 13000 code position corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components has been changed in the double-byte coding area, and in addition to 6 repeatedly encoded Chinese character components and 9 repeatedly encoded Chinese characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition)，
18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed in the four-byte encoding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
The appendix ”Additional Chinese characters and radicals/parts" has been deleted. See Appendix 〇 of the 2005 edition. ，
Increased the level of realization" (see chapter 9);
An informative appendix “General Specification Chinese Character Table; see Appendix 2 for the code location of the proposed characters“ has been added.
Please note that some content of this document may involve patents. The issuing agency of this document does not assume the responsibility of identifying patents.
This document was submitted and centralized by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The previous versions of this document and the documents it replaces have been released as follows :
One-2000 was first published as GB 18030 One 2000, the first revision in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 A 2022
Information Expansion "Chinese Coded Character Set
1This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of Chinese graphic characters and even binary encoding used in information technology.
This document is suitable for the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other text, graphic and character information.
This document is suitable for technical products with information processing and exchange functions of Chinese and other text, graphics and characters, including but not limited to input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine fusion translation, speech synthesis, text transcription, Qiao Neng writing, etc. Software products, as well as portable products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book readers, learning machines, etc.
2 Regulatory reference documents
The content in the following documents constitutes an essential clause of this document through normative references in the text.
Among them, for dated reference documents, only the version corresponding to that date is applicable to this document; for undated reference documents, the latest factory version (including all modification orders) is applicable to this document.
GB/T 2312-1980 Basic set of "Chinese Character Encoding Character Set for Information Exchange”
GB/I 11383-1989 Information processing "Eight-digit code structure and coding rules for information exchange
GB/T 13000 Information Technology Universal Multi-octet coded character Set (UCS)
3 Terms and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 character character
An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character coded character
The character (3.1) and its encoding are shown.
3.3 User-defined area private use area
Areas that users who use products that comply with this document can specify by themselves.
3.4 Vocabulary repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by the set of encoded characters (3.2).
3.5 Reserved zone
Reserved as the area specified in this document in the future.
GB 18030 A 2022
4 vocabulary
4.1 Overview
The characters included in this document are encoded in single-byte, double-character, or four-byte.
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters from 0x00~0x7F of GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Double-byte part
The double-byte part contains all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, the CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
The characters of the double-byte part are in accordance with the provisions of Appendix A.
Among them, the graphics, code location and functions of the ideographic character descriptors should comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 uniformly encodes Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Enguo, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs are given a separate code position; Chinese characters with different sources and the same abstract glyphs are given a common code position.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK Unified Chinese characters CCJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK represents China, Japan, and South Korea.
4.4 Four-byte part
The four-byte part contains 66 CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 other than the above two-byte characters (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding 8 characters from 9FB4 to 9FBB), CJK unified Chinese character expansion A, CJK unified Chinese character expansion BCJK Unified Chinese character expansion C, CJK Unified Chinese character expansion DCJK Unified Chinese character Expansion.CJK unified Chinese character expansion F and the characters of ethnic minority characters that have been encoded in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the four-byte part are in accordance with the provisions of Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the text, all numbers marked with 0x before them are in hexadecimal, and those not marked with 0x are in decimal.
The representation of all encodings in the appendix is in hexadecimal, and the representation of other numbers is in decimal.
The single-byte part adopts the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using 0x00~0x7F code points.
The double-character character part uses two eight-bit binary bit strings to represent a character, the first byte code point is from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code point is 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE, respectively.
The four-byte part adopts the 0x30-0x39 not used in GB/T 11383-1989 as the suffix for the expansion of the two-byte encoding, and the encoding range is 0x81308130-0xFE39FE39.
The encoding range of the first character of a four-byte character is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the second character is 0x30 to 0x39; the encoding range of the third byte is 0x81 to 0xFE; the encoding range of the fourth character is 0x30 to 0x39. Namely: 0x81308130 a 0x81308139; 0x81308230 a 0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30 a 0x8130fe39; 0x81318130 A 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c “0uro23061393 0xFE39FE30 A 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code point range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
Order of 6 characters
6.1 The order of some characters in a single word brush
The characters of the single-character notation are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 The order of some characters in the double-character city
The order of the characters in the lower part of the double characters should conform to Appendix A.
6.3 The order of some characters in the four-character brush
There are a total of 50,400 code points from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, corresponding to all the characters of the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane not included in the double-byte part, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of the GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058,400 code points are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000. The order of characters is exactly in accordance with the corresponding code points of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of the characters in the four-byte part should conform to Appendix C.
7 code position allocation
1.Allocation of code points in the single-word city part
The code points of the single-byte part are allocated in accordance with the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The single-byte code point allocation is shown in Figure 2.
2.Code point allocation for the double-character part
The code point arrangement of the double-byte part is divided into two parts: 0x8140~one 0xFE7E and 0x8180 one 0xFEFE, with a total of 23,940 code points.
The allocation of double-byte code points is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
Double-byte zone 1: 846 code points
SS WA and RS Shuangning Section Zone 3 6080 code position
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 double byte zone 5: 192 code points
3.Structure diagram of the coding space of the two-character code part
Table 2 Arrangement of code points for the double-character Wen part
Person code range
Code point allocation of the four-character brush part
The four-byte part contains Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters.
The allocation of four-byte human code points is shown in Table 3.
See 6.3 for the allocation of four-byte human code points not specified in Table 3.
Table 3 The code position arrangement of the four-character Wen part
Code point range
Table 3 The code point arrangement of the four-byte part (continued)
Code point range, code point number, number of symbols
A total of 25,200 code points from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined areas.
The other unoccupied four-byte code points are reserved areas, which will be used for future file extensions.
8-part description of characters and codes
Relative to GB 18030-2005, the glyphs on some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General Rules
This document specifies three implementation levels.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the scope of the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Implementation level 1
Implement level 1 text to support the CJK unified Chinese characters (i.e. 0x82358F33-0x82359636) and CJK unified Chinese character expansion A (i.e. 0x8139EE39-0x82358738) of the single-byte encoded part, the two-byte encoded part, and the four-character encoded part of this document.
Any product applicable to this document shall meet the requirements of implementation level 1.
Note: According to the needs of software applications, implementation level 1 can also choose any one or more non-Chinese characters listed in Table 3.
9.3 Implementation level 2
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1.
In addition, implementation level 2 also supports coded Chinese characters that are not included in the "General Specification Chinese Character Table" that are not included in real level 1.
The code position and glyphs of the received Chinese characters in this document in the "General Specification Chinese Character Table" are shown in the appendix.
The system software and support software should meet the requirements of implementation level 2.
Note: System software and document support software include but are not limited to operating system, database management system.Middleware (see GB/T 36475 for information on software product classification).
9.4 Implementation level 3
Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2.
In addition, realization level 3 also supports all Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kanghe radicals in Table 3.
Products used in government services and public services should meet the requirements of implementation level 3.
Note: Government services and public service industries include but are not limited to the railway transportation industry.Road transport industry \ water transport industry.Air transport industry, multimodal transport and transportation agency industry, postal industry, currency and financial services, insurance industry, land, management industry, health, state institutions, social security, etc. (See GB/T 4754 for industry classification information).
Appendix A (Normative)
Double-character character table
A.1 Table of contents
This table gives the glyphs and codes of double-byte encoded characters, and at the same time gives the GB/T 13000 code position corresponding to the character.
A.2 Description of the table
An example is as follows:
The first byte, the second byte, the low bit
Double-byte zone 3
The high bit of the second byte GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (Regularity)
Ideographic descriptors
This appendix contains 13 ideographic character descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000, and gives their graphics.Code location and function description.
See Table B for specific content.1.
Table B.1 Graphic, code location and function description of ideographic character descriptors
The code point function description of the code point GB/T 13000 of this document is similar but not the same. It is used to borrow a certain word to express a foreign word.
Left and right structure
Upper and lower structure
Left center right structure
Upper middle and lower structure
Fully enclosed structure
Back down surround structure
Back to the surrounding structure
Back to the right surround structure
Back to the lower right surround structure
Back to the lower left surround structure
Back to the upper right surround structure
Rental structure
Appendix C (Normative)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Table of contents
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters, and also gives the GB/TI 13000 code corresponding to the character, but the position, the glyphs of other parts are omitted.
C.2 Description of the table
Appendix D (informational)
Description of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030 A 2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000. These code positions have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.As shown in 1.
D.1 Adjusted code correspondence (continued)
This document and GB 18030-2005 GB 18030-2005 corresponding to this document corresponding to GB/T work 13000 code points
D.2 6 Chinese characters deleted in the double-character Wen area.
Table D.2 Code location and reserved glyphs
D.3 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters deleted in the lower area of the double character
This document deletes the 9 CJK content Chinese characters of GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.As shown in 3.
Table D.3 Deleted 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters and their code locations
Appendix Open (informational) "General Specification Chinese Character Table" Chinese Character Code Location
This document contains all 8,105 standardized Chinese characters in the "General Standardized Chinese Characters Table" approved and issued by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and glyphs are shown in Table 1.
The order of the Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the standardized Chinese characters in the "General Standard Chinese Characters Table". The Chinese characters with serial number 1 and serial number 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the Chinese characters with serial number 3501 and serial number 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the Chinese characters with serial number 6501 and serial number 8105 are third-level Chinese characters.
Table E.1 "General Specification Chinese Character Table" The glyphs and code Positions of Chinese characters
GB/T 4754 National Economic Industry Classification
GB/T 36475 Software product Classification
General specification Chinese character table.The State Council of the People's Republic of China (Guofa (2013) No.23).
The content of this manual page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone maintains it voluntarily, EURo files and Info files are authoritative documents.
If you find a contradiction between the manual page and the software, please check Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is outdated and causes obvious confusion and complaints, we will stop publishing it.It is impossible to have other options, like updating the Info file and updating the man manual at the same time, because other work to maintain the Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this.The GNU project believes that the man manual is outdated and should be used elsewhere.
If you need complete and up-to-date documentation, please refer to the Info file`gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual.Both are from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
DESCRIPTION THE C AND C++ COMPILERS ARE INTEGRATED.They all use one or more of the four steps to process the input file: preprocessing (preprocessing), Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking).
The post-level name of the source file identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the post-level name controls the default setting:
gcc believes that the preprocessed file (.i) Is a c file, and set the connection in the form of c，
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) Is a c++ file, and sets the connection in the form of c++.
The post-level name of the source file indicates the language type and the later operation:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i Preprocessed c file; compile, assemble
.ii Preprocessed c++ files; compile, assemble
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Assembly language source program; preprocessing, assembly
.h preprocessor file; files with other post-level names that usually do not appear on the command line are passed to the connector (Linker).Usually includes:
.0 Object file (Object file)
.a Archive file (Archive file)
Unless the -cec,-s, or-E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process), the connection is always the last step.
In the connection phase, all corresponding to the source program.e file, -1 library file, unrecognized file name (including the specified.o H standard file and.a library FILE) Pass to the connector OPTIONS in the ORDER in the COMMAND line (OPTIONS)
The option must be given separately: de' is completely different from`-d-r'.
Most`-=E: and'-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Only formats that are not the default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, explained in later chapters.
Code Generation Option (Code Generation Option)
Overall Option (Overall Option)
It is clearly stated that the language of the subsequent input file is language (instead of the default choice obtained from the suffix of the file name).
This option is applied to all subsequent input files until the next`-x' option is encountered.language optional
Turn off any clear description of the language, so process the subsequent files according to the file name (AS E`-x' option).
If you only operate part of the four stages (preprocessing, compilation, assembly, connection), you can use the`-x' option (or Ah after the file name) to tell geo where to start, and the`~-c',`-s', or`-E' option to tell geo where to end.Note that some combinations of options (for example,`-x cpp-output-E') {i gee MEF =c compile or assemble the source file, ETER. ERA ATI by default, GCC uses `.o'Cai changed the source file name to the next level`.ec standard file name. You can use the-o option to select other names.GCC ignores any unrecognized input Wenbo -S F after the -ec option.
The target file.
It will stop after compilation and will not be assembled.
Use pipelines instead of temporary files to work at different stages of the compilation process, because the assemblers of those systems cannot read data from pipelines. The assembler of GNU does not have this problem. The C "dialect" that the assembler can accept: Supports C programs that comply with ANSI standards.
This will turn off some feature keywords in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax that indicate that they are popular and rarely used, and prohibit the use of (Translation note: All standard libraries under the hosted environment are available, and the main function returns an int value, a typical example is almost all programs except the kernel.The corresponding independent environment (f£reestanding environment) does not have a standard library, and the program entry is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel.Refer to the recent information on the gcc website for details)
For function declarations without parameters, such as'int foo ();', they are processed in C style -that is, the number or type of parameters are not stated. (For C++ only).
Under normal circumstances, such a function foo in C++ means that the parameter is empty.
The section list is deleted from here to try to support some aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details. We have deleted the details so that when the content is outdated, people will not HERI.
Except for one thing: for c++ programs (not C), the`-traditional' option has an additional effect, allowing this to be assigned a value.
He has the same effect as the`-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp tries to support certain aspects of traditional Cc preprocessors.
In particular, the content about preprocessors mentioned above, but does not include other effects of the`-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the use of the `$' character in the identifier (for C++ only).
You can specify the'"-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers` option to explicitly prohibit the use of the'$' character.
(GNU C++ allows the`$' character by default on some target systems, but not all systems.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows the implicit conversion of ant type to enumeration type (MEF c++).
Under normal circumstances, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but vice versa.
-fexonal--templates generates smaller code (limited to c++) for template declaration by generating only one copy of each template function where they are defined for each template function.
To successfully use this option, you must mark`#Pragma implements' (definition) or`#Pragma interface' (declaration) in all files that use the template.
When the program is compiled with`-fexental-templates', the template instantiation is all external types.You must make the required instance appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved through typedef, which refers to each instance required.
Correspondingly, if the default option`-fno-exteznal-templates' is used at compile time, all template instances are explicitly set to built-in.
All member functions (except constructor functions and mnew or delete member operators) are regarded as virtual functions of the class in which they are located.
This does not mean that every time a member function is called, it will pass through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can judge that a virtual function can be called directly; at this time, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the types of the second and third parameters of the conditional expression to not match.
The value of this expression is Void.-fthis--is-variable allows assigning a value to this (only for c++).
After merging the user-defined free storage management mechanism into c++, the assignable'this` seems anachronistic.
Therefore, by default, assigning a value to this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backward compatibility, you can use the'-fthis-is-variable' option to make this operation effective.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, just like unsigned char.
Various machines have their own default char type. It may be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, when relying on the symbolicity of the data, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz.
But many programs have been written to use only simple char, and it is expected that this is a signed number (or an unsigned number, depending on the target machine where the program is written).
This option, and its antisense option, make such a program work on the corresponding default value.
The type of char should always be clearly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly the same as one of them.
If the'signed` or'unsigned' modifiers are not explicitly declared, these options are used to define a signed bitfield or an unsigned bitfield.
By default, bit fields are signed because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed numbers. However, if the`-traditional' option is specified, the bit fields will always be unsigned numbers.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in writable data segments without special treatment.
This is to be compatible with some old programs. It is a very bad idea for them to change the string constant. The`-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive Summary
The impact of the new crown pneumonia on the drug market
The impact may be similar to the 2008 economic crisis
The global new crown pneumonia epidemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has made medical services overwhelmed and almost collapsed. The restrictive measures implemented by governments have caused serious disorders in the global economy.
For the drug market, the impact of this epidemic is not yet clear and difficult to predict, but it may have a far-reaching impact.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to make drugs, because restrictions on movement also restrict access to precursors and basic chemicals.
Traffickers are unable to cross the border due to travel restrictions and may have to find new routes and methods.
The patterns of drug use and provision may change, and the government's ability to respond may also be hindered.
The changes brought about by the new crown pneumonia are unprecedented, but some lessons can still be learned from previous crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug addicts began to look for cheaper synthetic substances, and their use patterns turned to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.
If governments respond to the current economic recession in the same way, interventions such as drug abuse prevention and related risky behaviors and drug treatment services may be hit hard.
In addition, the priority of interception operations and international cooperation may be reduced, making it easier for traffickers to move.
A large number of drugs are smuggled through commercial flights in some countries, and it is expected that drug trafficking activities in these countries will be directly affected the most.
Some couriers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in carry-on backpacks or hidden in personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities.Due to restrictions on air passenger transportation in almost all places, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs may be completely interrupted.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, the use of the dark Web and the mailing of goods for trafficking may increase.
In the long run, the economic recession and related closure measures may disrupt the drug market.
Due to rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to take drugs in harmful ways, suffer from drug abuse disorders, and turn to illegal drug-related activities, whether it is production or transportation.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable groups and recruit new members to strengthen their teams.
As the government's ability to respond decreases, these changes may quickly take root and become a new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth model partly explains the reasons for market expansion
The phenomenon of drug abuse around the world has been increasing, both in terms of overall figures and the proportion of drug users in the world's population.
In 2009, it was estimated that there were 210 million drug addicts, accounting for 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018, it was estimated that there were 269 million drug addicts, accounting for 5.3% of this population.
During the past two decades, the growth rate of drug abuse in developing countries has been much faster than that of developed countries.
This reflects to a certain extent the difference in overall population growth during this period, with 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but it also reflects the rapid growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults account for the largest proportion of drug addicts.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driving factor in the current and future drug market
Whether it is developed or developing countries, drug abuse in urban areas is higher than in rural areas.
Part of the overall increase in drug abuse is due to the large-scale movement of the population from rural areas to urban areas. At present, more than half of the world's population lives in urban areas, compared with 34% in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more prominent.
The increase in wealth is linked to the increase in drug abuse, but it is the poorest people who bear the greatest burden of disease. Worldwide, drug abuse in developed countries is more common than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are more strongly linked to wealthier regions of the world.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug abuse among the wealthy strata of society is higher.
However, it is people of lower socio-economic status who have a higher rate of turning to drug abuse.
Data from a few countries show that there is a link between harmful drug abuse patterns and illness and low income.
These patterns seem to be less common in wealthier social strata.
The economic constraints caused by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks of the most vulnerable groups, including drug addicts.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been related to an increase in drug abuse in the past, and the epidemic has forced tens of millions of people around the world to lose their jobs.
The new crown pneumonia may lead to the further expansion of the drug market. The new crown pneumonia pandemic may cause more farmers to increase or engage in illegal crop cultivation, either because the control capacity of the competent national authorities is reduced, or because under the economic crisis, more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities.
The restrictions related to the new crown pneumonia have led to a decrease in air and land traffic, and maritime trafficking may have increased as a result. The risk of interception at sea is low, and there is more smuggling than air or land.
Recently, there have been reports that cocaine shipments are shipped directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but potentially harmful new types of opioids are increasing, and the drug market is becoming more and more complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control.The non-medical use of medicines is also increasing rapidly.
There are about 500 new active substances in the domestic market of Member States every year.
At present, most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small amount of opioids.
Although the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Among the total number of new types of psychologically active substances identified in 2014, new types of psychologically active substances such as opioids accounted for only 2%, but by 2018, this number had risen to 9%.
Many of the new types of opiate psychoactive substances are analogues of Fentanyl. Their efficacy and harm have been proven to cause overdose deaths in North America, as well as in other regions, but to a lesser extent.
In North America, fentanyl is used as a dopant for heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine), and some are used to make counterfeit medicinal opioids.
Some evidence shows that there is also a phenomenon of injecting new psychoactive substance stimulants in Europe: A study of the residues of abandoned syringes in six European cities found that many syringes are stained with new psychoactive substances that produce excitatory effects.
2The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become firmly present in vulnerable groups
A single type of new psychoactive substance has almost never formed a large market.
But evidence from Europe shows that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem in marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison prisoners.
Twenty-two countries have reported the use of novel psychoactive substances in prisons, and most of them have identified synthetic cannabinoids as the main challenge.
The control of precursor chemicals has forced drug makers to innovate. Many chemicals that are most often used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, and “ecstasy” have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and drug makers have been looking for alternatives, not only looser controlled substances, but also chemicals specially designed to evade control, the so-called “special precursor”.
Restrictive measures aimed at preventing the spread of the new crown pneumonia are likely to further squeeze drug makers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico shows that this has become a reality: in March 2020, it was reported that the shortage of methamphetamine precursor imported from East Asia prompted an increase in the price of methamphetamine in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing rapidly
Synthetic drugs replace opiate in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiate market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation seems to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opiate intercepts by the authorities of the Russian Federation has fallen by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for the use of opiate has decreased significantly.
But the stimulant market seems to be booming day by day.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cassidones, including methamphetamine and a-pyrrolidinophenylpentanone, are now everywhere in the Russian drug market.
The Russian authorities reported that the number of clandestine processing points for the manufacture of various illegal drugs recently seized has risen sharply, more than doubling in two years and increasing to 152 processing points in 2018.
Growth of the methamphetamine market in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, investigations of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions have revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystallized methamphetamine has become another worrisome major drug in addition to ”fenetalin" and tramadol.
A 2015 study further confirmed these findings, with drug addicts saying that cannabis is more difficult to obtain than “fenetalin” or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered a number of methamphetamine processing sites, and the Board has expressed concern about the large-scale import of pseudoephedrine preparations. methylamphetamine processing sites use these preparations as precursors.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing seems to have begun in 2014.
Since then, methamphetamine seizures have been steadily increasing.
However, the seizure volume in the first half of 2019 was 1^657 kg-a sharp increase compared with the previous year.
A large number of methamphetamine believed to have originated in Afghanistan have been seized in other countries, which also shows that the country's production is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that legalize non-medical use of cannabis have a trend of increasing cannabis use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay, and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical cannabis use.
In Colorado and Washington State, the two earliest states in the United States to pass legislation, the non-medical use of cannabis by adults has increased, especially in the past month and the increase in daily or almost daily use, which has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that the use of cannabis in Uruguay has increased since 2011, and the use almost doubled last month.
This indicates that the main reason for the increase is frequent and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also show that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, usage was also increasing.
However, in 2019, 40% of cannabis users still relied on illegal sources to obtain certain products.
Is the reason behind the plunge in global cannabis herb seizures the legalization of cannabis?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to the lowest level in 20 years. This is due to a decline in North American seizures, which have fallen by 84% in the past 10 years.
In contrast, seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled during the same period.The pattern of seizures shows that policies aimed at liberalizing the cannabis market have played a key role in the decline.
The supervision of new psychologically active substances seems to have a curbing effect. The effect of the supervision of new psychologically active substances in China is still difficult to evaluate.
Some countries that adopt different regulatory systems for new psychoactive substances have shown different prevalence rates of the use of new psychoactive substances.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased after the adoption of domestic legislation.
Vulnerable groups face harm from the legal and illegal drug markets. Medicinal opioids used for pain management and palliative care are mainly provided in high-income countries. Painkillers are unevenly distributed in various regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% are in Europe, and 2% are in Oceania.
The population of these countries accounts for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that the population of low- and middle-income countries accounts for 88% of the global population, but less than 10% of medicinal opioids are consumed.
Barriers to access to medicinal opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems, and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing drug abuse disorders. In 2018, about 35.6 million people suffered from drug abuse disorders.
Poverty, limited education, and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug abuse and exacerbate its consequences.Studies in high-income countries have confirmed this. In these studies, the unfavorable socio-economic trajectory of individuals is not only their condition at a certain point in time, but also related to the risk of drug abuse and illness.
Drug abuse can also deepen socio-economic disadvantage and further increase the risk of unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, thereby fueling a vicious circle of disadvantage.These results may also be related to insulting attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, groups with diverse sexual orientations, people displaced by armed conflicts or disasters, and people in rural environments may also be disproportionately affected by drug abuse or encounter problems in accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life expectancy (DALY) index that estimates the number of healthy life expectancy years lost due to disability and premature death, in the past 10 years, harmful drug abuse has had an increased impact on a wider range of society.
Between 2007 and 2018, the global disability-adjusted life span attributable to drug abuse increased by 17%.
The increase in disability-adjusted life expectancy for liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, is particularly high-reaching 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complicated and it is difficult to determine all causal relationships between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
Limited data on a global scale indicate that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But in violent incidents, alcohol seems to play a greater role than drugs.
Although drug abuse may lead to crime, in some cases, this connection can be partly attributed to a variety of intermediary factors, such as socio-economic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment, and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
If there is a stable criminal structure, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, may be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depends not so much on the amount of trafficking as on certain changes that cause instability in the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
Latest trends
Cannabis is the most commonly used substance for drug use, and opioids are the most harmful
It is estimated that 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most used drug in the world.
In contrast, there were 58 million people who used opioids in 2018.
However, the related harms of opioids are ignored because there are fewer users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug abuse in 2017, 66% were caused by such substances, and 50% of the 21 million life span believed to have been lost due to disability or premature death caused by drug abuse was caused by such substances.
The non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis
In West Africa, Central Africa, and North Africa, tramadol is exacerbating the opioid crisis; in North America, it is fentanyl.The two regions have little in common in terms of economy, demographic statistics, or general drug abuse patterns, but they are both struggling to combat the opioid crisis driven by easily available and low-cost substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to an increase in the number of deaths from opioid overdoses in the past 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada also reported similar results, but the number is lower.
Part of the reason for overdose deaths caused by fentanyl is the unpredictable efficacy of fentanyl on the illegal drug market.
In West Africa, Central Africa and North Africa, the market for tramadol for non-medical purposes has grown significantly.
In this region, more and more patients with tramadol use disorders are receiving treatment.
In 2017, the number of tramadol intercepted worldwide increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
But in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating tramadol, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
What contributed to the crises in these two places was the simplicity of manufacturing and low production costs, in addition to the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogues or their precursors.
What makes the crisis in these two places worse is that these substances are available in both the drug market and the illegal market, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
The use of stimulants is increasing
The field of stimulants is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, and the use of these two substances in their main markets is on the rise.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, because cocaine is quite popular in North America and Western Europe.
In the same year, about 27 million people used amphetamines, of which methamphetamine was the most used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, the use of methamphetamine in these two regions has been expanding for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes replacing each other, so that when the use of one drug rises, the use of the other drops, sometimes increasing and decreasing at the same time to meet the demand of the same market.
New crown pneumonia increases the risk of injecting drug users
It is estimated that there were about 11.3 million people who used injecting drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drugs.
There are more than 1 million people infected with HIV by injecting drug users and 5.5 million people suffering from hepatitis C.
In 2017, there were about 585,000 deaths due to drug abuse, half of which died of liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most of the hepatitis C of injecting drug users has still not been treated.
5The shortage of opioids caused by the restrictive measures of the new crown pneumonia may cause users to replace more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injections or inject more frequently, more harmful uses may occur.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset
Instruction manual
Product introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it safe.
The headset itself is equipped with a medium-sized ear fan. If you feel uncomfortable, you must have a small background text, although it is outside the machine.
01 Wear headphones
Gently insert the ear tent diagonally down into the ear canal, so as to gently swing the head and the earphones do not move.
During a call, facing the headset microphone towards the mouth can make the call clearer.
When the company changes the call, please pay attention to adjust the headset to expose the microphone.
Before charging and turning on for use, please tear off the nets at the charging points of the left and right earphones, and fully charge the charging case and earphones.
Plug in the charging cable to charge the headset and the charging case at the same time.
The charging case is not fully charged, the charging indicator light is red for a long time, and the charging: 3 indicator light goes off after it is fully charged.
While the headset is charging, the red light of the headset indicator light is on for a long time, the headset is fully charged, and the white light of the machine indicator light is on for a long time and goes off after 1 minute.
02 Charging and turning on
The headset is in the charging case, take out the headset from the charging case and turn it on automatically.
The headset is not in the charging case and is turned off. Press and hold the multi-function button for about 1 second (the white light is on for 1 second).
Press and hold for about 1 second
The white light is on for 1 second
Shut down
Put it in the charging case and the headset will automatically turn off.
In the boot state, press and hold the multi-function button for about 5 seconds (the red light is on for 2 seconds)
Press and hold for about 5 seconds
People, red light, long light, 2 machines
03 Start using
Automatic connection: Shift the two earphones from the outside of the charging box to ten.
The two brother skills automatically turn on the level, and the white light is on.
Then the red and white lights returned to six. The left and right sacs are like self-crossing in series.
When the white light of the left/right earphone flashes. Open the device, search for “RedmIArDots2" and click the link.
After the first connection. Saczhi can automatically connect back to the last paired device when it is turned on (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).
note:
If the connection fails, put the headset back in the charging box. Repeat the above actions.
Press and hold for about 1 second to turn on
Earphone indicator light
Switch freely between single-ear/binaural; after the two earphones are successfully connected, the binaural connection is made; put either earphone back into the charging box and turn off, the other earphone enters the single-ear mode, and the binaural mode can be automatically restored by removing it again.
Manual connection: When the earphones are turned off, manually turn on the two earphones. The white light lights up, then the red and white lights flash quickly, and the left and right earphones are automatically connected in series. When the white light of the left/right earphones flashes slowly, turn on the device's Bluetooth search connection.
Headset reset
If the headset cannot be connected and used normally, please refer to the following method to reset
Earphones: Take out the earphones from the charging case, and when the earphones are turned off, press and hold the multi-function buttons of the two earphones for 15 seconds, until the red and white lights blink alternately 3 times, release and put them back in the charging case. (Clear the connection record between the earphones and the mobile phone).
04 The illustrations of product accessories, user interfaces, etc. in the manual are all schematic diagrams. They are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the schematic diagram. Please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi Ecological Chain Enterprise)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing
Customer service hotline: 400-100-5678
For information about this strict operation, please check the sales network: www micom
Baking book, this book sings: V10reae
Functional points
The following functions can be operated on the left and right earphones. When you tap on an incoming call, answer the call; during a call or outgoing call, when you hang up the phone and music, play /pause the audio, and press and hold for about 1 second to release
When calling, when you refuse to listen to the phone call, switch to the headset / mobile phone to listen to Jane. Double-click
During a call, start /turn off silent mode
When standby, turn on the voice assistant (the device needs to support the voice function and turn on the quick wake-up setting)
Answer the second call and switch the call
When there is a new call in a mobile phone call, click the multi-function button to keep the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multi-function button to switch between the two calls.
Basic parameters
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 true Wireless Bluetooth headset
Product model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameters: 5V two 100mA
Net weight of single ear: about 4.1g
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free air environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
warning
1 Please do not disassemble it for any reason.Repair or modify the headset, otherwise it may cause a fire or even completely damage this product;
2 Do not place the equipment in an environment where the temperature is too low or too high;
3 When using the device indicator light, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Please do not use the equipment in thunderstorm weather. Thunderstorms can cause abnormal operation of the equipment and increase the risk of electric shock.;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
6 Do not bring this product into contact with liquids.
note
1.If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 You must choose a charger produced by a regular manufacturer that has been certified by the national CCC
3 Prolonged continuous use of headphones is detrimental to hearing, please control the use time and volume reasonably ;
4 The use of headphones will reduce the perception of external sounds. Please do not use headphones in environments that may threaten safety.
Basic parameters of the charging case
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 to 500mA
Output parameters: 5V to 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery life: 300mAh
Battery type: Lithium-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Description
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product after-sales service is strict
In accordance with the "Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests" and the "Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China", the after-sales three-pack service is implemented. The service content is as follows:
1. Warranty policy
1 Within 7 days from the day after you sign for it, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", which has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and you can enjoy the return or exchange service for free.;
2 Within 8-15 days from the day after you sign for it, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Fault Table", which has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center.
3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign for it, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", which has been tested and determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and can enjoy free maintenance services.
A Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product performance fault table
Name performance failure
1 No sound can be heard during use.
Electric tooth headset "2 During the call, the other party can't hear the sound.
It cannot be charged.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, neglect, minor use, liquid intake, accident, alteration, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tearing, alteration of labels, anti-counterfeiting marks;
2 The validity period of the three packs has been exceeded;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Does not meet the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table"
5 Due to human reasons, this product and its accessories have the performance faults listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table".
The name and content of hazardous substances in the product
Hazardous substances are prepared in this form in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: It means that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the component is below the limit specified in GB/T 26572.
The EU summit is in a difficult policy debate, EU officials: The receiving process is a bottleneck step by step- <url>
The EU summit quarreled over refugee policy endlessly. EU officials: There are bottlenecks at every step of the reception process.
[Niu Ruifei, special correspondent of the Global Times in Belgium] According to a report by Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit that day, European Commission President Von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration to make it easier to expel illegal immigrants.
According to reports, the EU's move is a response to Europe's growing concern about illegal immigration. Today, the core problem of the EU is that the number of illegal immigrants who can eventually be returned is very small.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to “immediately mobilize a large amount of EU funds” to strengthen external borders through infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU and member states quarreled endlessly on issues such as the payment of fence fees.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly stated that EU funds will not pay for related expenses.
But diplomats from some member states said that if the EU can share the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along its external borders, it will free up national budgets for countries to speed up the construction process.
According to the European Euractivity website, EU officials admit that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process. The limited reception capacity and the overwhelmed immigration authorities of member states cannot prevent refugees from submitting “countless” asylum applications in EU countries, and the EU's refugee reception system is in an almost “permanent crisis.”
According to estimates by the European Commission, the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half over the previous year.
At the same time, the European Union recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also reached an agreement on a “principle” that EU countries can return illegal immigrants to their countries in accordance with a court decision of another member state.
In addition, the report said that EU leaders also agreed to “increase the use of the concept of a safe country,” which will open the way for the EU to develop a common list.
(Source: Global Times Author: Niu Ruifei)
The U.S. upgrades the "chip war” and hits the global semiconductor industry hard- <url>
Recently, the “chip war” between the United States and China has greatly upgraded-first, the Netherlands and Japan, under pressure from the United States, agreed to initiate controls on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the U.S. government is considering cutting off all ties between U.S. suppliers and Huawei and prohibiting U.S. suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to announce an executive order to restrict U.S. investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries...Soon after the start of the new year in 2023, the United States will continue to make bad moves in curbing the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped its actions to combat the development of China's “core”. While accurately suppressing the semiconductor production and supply chain to China, it has built a “de-sinicized” semiconductor industry chain alliance, aiming to completely “get rid” of China in the advanced semiconductor industry. China.
Whether it is to win over South Korea to establish a “technological alliance”, to establish a chip “quartet alliance” with South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, China, or to establish a “small circle” of the semiconductor industry chain through mechanisms such as the “four-sided mechanism” of the United States, Japan, India and Australia, and the “Indo-Pacific Economic Framework”, the United States has introduced politicization, campization, and weaponization into the semiconductor industry in an attempt to build a closed production and supply chain cycle led by the United States, thereby making up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintaining its dominant position in the global chip industry.
However, the “core tactics” of the United States against China with great fanfare are also “hurting the enemy by one thousand and self-harming by eight hundred.”
Recently, Panlin Group, a well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, announced that due to the latest round of export bans on chip manufacturing equipment to China, the group will lay off 1,300 full-time employees, and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The global lithography machine giant Asma Holding Company of the Netherlands recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China may lead to higher semiconductor prices.
According to US media analysis, after the US government implemented an outrageous crackdown on China's chip and semiconductor industries, many American companies have suffered greatly, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, chip manufacturers themselves, etc.
The so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry by the United States has dragged the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain down.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and a closely linked global semiconductor industry chain has long been formed.
According to professional estimates, based on the professional division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross the borders of various countries more than 70 times, and the whole process reaches 100 days.
Although the U.S. semiconductor industry has a strong foundation, it is relatively weak in manufacturing capabilities, especially advanced process technology, and relies heavily on East Asia.
Even if the United States tries its best to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the regionalization of the “small circle” led by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor-related industries are difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously "reshaped” and "de-sinicized" the semiconductor industry chain, which has hit the global semiconductor industry hard.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry is inseparable from the joint participation of countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively introducing the “Innovation and Competition Act”, "U.S. Competition Act of 2022" and "Chip and Science Act" to take advantage of technological hegemony and consolidate its own technological leadership; "Enmity and coercion" to its allies, inducing Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other chip manufacturing companies to set up factories in the United States, and strive to ensure the United States' global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed caused trouble for the development of China's chip industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
However, in the long run, the United States has suppressed hysterically, forcing the Chinese chip industry to continue to break through, causing itself to lose the huge Chinese market, which will eventually greatly weaken the innovation willingness and innovation ability of American technology companies, and harm the development of the global chip industry.
Gaucho
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products are on sale and can only be held for a minimum of 360 days- <url>
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products went on sale
The 7 products of this organization are optional and can only be held for a minimum of 360 days.
Personal pension wealth management products are finally online.
On February 10th, <url> released the list of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products, and seven personal pension wealth management products of ICBC Financial Management, ABCI Financial Management and China Post Financial Management were officially launched.
At this point, the “shelves” of personal pension accounts have finally gathered four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension financial management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public fund.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension wealth management products are all public equity-type open-ended products, including 5 newly issued products and 2 surviving products. Except for 1 product, which is a mixed product, the remaining 6 products are all fixed income products.
Reporters from Beijing Youth Daily saw that 4 of the 5 newly issued products came from ICBC Financial Management, all of which were fixed income products. The minimum holding periods were 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, respectively, and the corresponding performance comparison benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70 % - 4.20 % 、 4.10 % - 4.60 % 、 4.40 % - 4.90 % 、 5.25 % - 5.75 % 。
The remaining newly issued product is "Postbank Wealth Tianyi*Hongjin Minimum Holding No. 1 for 1095 Days"” which is also a fixed income product. It began to be raised on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is Level 2.
Among the two surviving products, one is the 360-day scientific and technological innovation RMB wealth management product of ABCI Financial Management “ABCI Concentric·Smart”. The investment nature is mixed and the risk level is Level 3.
Another surviving product is "Postbank Wealth Tianyi*Hongjin Minimum Holding 365 Days No. 1", a fixed income type, which started raising on December 30 last year and officially operated on January 4 this year. The cumulative net worth on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the "Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pensions", the financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund accounts include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public equity funds, etc.
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products are on sale, marking that personal pension investors can officially purchase wealth management products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the "Interim Measures for the Management of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies".
The "Measures" stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management products, personal pension insurance products, personal pension public fund products and other personal pension products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the three departments of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Affairs, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice clarifying that the personal pension system will be implemented in 36 leading cities and regions such as Beijing and Tianjin, as well as Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an New District, Hebei, and Jincheng City, Shanxi.
By the end of 2022, the number of participants in personal pensions was 19.54 million, the number of contributors was 6.13 million, and the total contribution amount was 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products, and personal pension public funds.
Nowadays, after personal pension wealth management products are also gathered, how should investors choose?
Experts from the Research and Development department of Wealth management products of the Bank of Communications said that compared with other personal pension products, the pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products in the pilot phase have three characteristics.
First, robustness, a more sound risk management mechanism, a more robust investment strategy and philosophy, and the implementation of independent escrow by a third party other than the parent bank.
The second is the long-term nature. The term of pension wealth management products in the pilot phase is 5 years and above. In principle, the minimum holding period for personal pension wealth management products issued in the next step is 1 year, and it is encouraged to hold for more than 3 years.
The third is universality. The threshold for product purchase is low. The starting point of purchase is generally 1 yuan, and some are as low as 0.01 yuan. The escrow fee, management fee and other rates of the product are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should choose based on product characteristics and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of long maturity, high interest rates, and high security, and are suitable for people with weak risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection, which is more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns; and personal pension wealth management products and public fund products do not protect capital or income, there is a certain investment risk, but the expected return is higher, and it is suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk-taking ability.
Text/Co-ordinated by our reporter Cheng Jie/Chi Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust- <url>
Another large gym "thunderstorm"?
Recently, the issue of rights protection of members of Zhongjian Fitness, a well-known fitness institution, has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not open normally. Subsequently, rumors about the closure of the organization caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of the public security and human resources departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the organization responded and promised to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members before the storm could subside.
Some stores of individual fitness institutions had operating problems and were temporarily closed. Consumers could have calmed down and waited for the problem to be resolved. Why did many members' first reaction be “Something is wrong”?
Behind the turmoil in the rights protection of health club members is the deep-seated problem of the crisis of trust in the industry.
Traditional domestic gyms generally adopt a prepaid model, and “making money that users can't get” is the underlying logic of their development.
Obtaining cash flow through pre-sale membership cards and constantly opening new stores seems to be able to cycle back and forth, but in fact, it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative information in industries such as gym running away frequently spreads, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the perspective of market prospects, gyms are of course a good business with a “money path”.
Although the fitness track has ups and downs, it has always received capital attention.
A number of data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption and other fields continues to rise, and the market continues to pick up.
Specific to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the concept of healthy living deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, the development of the fitness industry has great potential.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, individual institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the consumer recovery. As soon as they came out of the crisis, they sounded the horn of expanding their territory and invested their financing funds in the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that in recent years, affected by the epidemic, many institutions have withdrawn and the industry has been reshuffled. It is not a new opportunity for powerful companies to selectively increase their acquisitions and re-layout at this time.
However, if the development of the fitness market is to enter a virtuous circle and embark on a stable and far-reaching road to prosperity, the industry must change its traditional model and change its business strategy.
Only by fighting steadily and re-establishing consumer trust and security can we truly win the market and the future.
Compared with Dajian Xindian to seize the market, what the fitness industry currently needs is to calm down and optimize services, and stabilize users with high-quality development.
First of all, we must rely on services to retain users.
Gyms belong to the service industry. Their essence is to adhere to “user-oriented”, closely focus on user needs, and focus on service quality improvement and upgrading.
Secondly, it is necessary to rely on digital transformation to improve the user experience.
For example, the current popular Internet gym model realizes user pay-per-view and venue selection.
At the same time, body data and exercise data can be effectively used, and social needs can be met, and a complete closed loop of services from online to offline can be realized.
There is no private education promotion and no huge annual card. Users' concerns about fitness institutions “running away” are reduced, and their sense of trust is increased.
In addition, we must actively explore multiple formats.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to scene consumption. Health clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption. Peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment needed for fitness may become new profit points, providing consumers with richer choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy expensive and refund the difference!
Nanjing's property market reproduces “price difference compensation”- <url>
Yangtze Evening News (Reporter Ma Zuobo) Yangtze Evening News/Zin Niu News reporter found in an interview on the 10th that the “price guarantee agreement” that has not been seen for more than ten years has returned to the Nanjing property market. A real estate in Jiangbei New District claims “price difference compensation”. Before the delivery of the house, the discount of other listings is greater than the previous discount, and the developer is willing to exchange the house for the buyer and refund the difference.
There are many conditions for the "Price guarantee agreement”
This real estate in Jiangbei New District is called Poly Yangzi Cuiyuntai. The buyer, Mr. Sun, told reporters that he found a “statement” when he visited the real estate last weekend.
The picture he sent to reporters shows that the developer of the real estate promised that anyone who purchases a listing from February 1st to February 28th will be delivered to the corresponding listing from the date of signing the sale and purchase contract between the two parties. If the discount of other listings in the project is greater than the discount enjoyed by the previous purchase (limited to other unsold commercial properties of the same type, the same building, the same unit, and the same property type as the commercial house), the developer can exchange the house for the buyer and refund the difference.
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually a "price guarantee agreement”. The purpose is to let buyers rest assured that they don't have to worry about the price reduction and promotion of the development company. “Now I'm afraid that the price will be reduced after buying it. Go to the sales office and make trouble. There is no time. If you don't make trouble, it's really sweet.”
There are also many buyers who believe that although the “price guarantee agreement” is giving buyers “peace of mind”, the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a newly needed house in Jiangbei, said that the insured listing first needs the same apartment type, but also in the same building and the same unit. There are very few listings where buyers can compare prices, so the “threshold” is still quite high.
Some buyers also believe that due to the asymmetry of information, additional concessions are not ruled out when selling, and it is not difficult for buyers to “defend their rights”.
Whether it can retain buyers remains to be seen
The reporter inquired on Nanjing online real estate and learned that the real estate received a total of 252 sales permits for the two buildings in November last year. The apartment area is 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., and the average price of the fully renovated sales permit is 39,843 yuan/㎡.
However, more than two months later, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the real estate is currently 157, accounting for 62.3%. Among them, there are 128 units in Building 8, and the number of unsold units is 113. Of the 124 units in Building 7, 44 are unsold, and the total number of units sold in the project is only 33, accounting for only 13%.
According to market sources, the “price guarantee agreement” also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, Hengtang Xiyuan, a real estate on Huangshan Road, Hexi, launched a “Price Guarantee Plan” in order to attract the attention of buyers. The specific content is "The company solemnly promises that if the project discount is expanded within one year, the company will refund the difference to the old owner according to the difference."
Since then, in April 2011, nine real estate companies in Nanjing have also taken out some of their listings and promised to “pay the difference.”
“The property market is picking up, and a ‘tonic’ is needed at this time.
“Mr. Shen, a senior trader in Nanjing's real estate industry, said that ”price guarantee agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies.
He believes that nowadays, development companies need more confidence than buyers, and the launch of ”price guarantee agreements" is actually cheering them up.
As for whether he can retain buyers, he said it depends on the influence of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds. For now, it remains to be seen.
A number of data show that Taiwan's economy performed poorly in the first year of the recession- <url>
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11 (reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yang) Export trade volume has been “black for five consecutive years”, the manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) has tightened for seven consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has seen the “3 prefix”... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
Expert analysis believes that Taiwan's economy has performed poorly in the opening year, and the growth pressure is not small.
According to the announcement by the competent financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan's exports in January this year were US331.51 billion, a decrease of 21.2% year-on-year, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export volume of the 11 main export categories all declined compared with the same period last year.
Plastics, rubber and its products, and optical equipment suffered the deepest declines, down 37.6% and 35.7% year-on-year, respectively.
Exports of electronic components decreased by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decrease in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits decreased by 18.3% year-on-year, the largest decline in 14 years.
Cai Meina, director of statistics of the department, said that this shows that the effect of weak demand in the consumer electronics industry has spread, and the electronics industry has entered a correction period.
Statistics show that Taiwan's imports and exports fell in January, with an excess of only US22.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The competent financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities believes that the decline in global terminal demand and the adjustment of industrial inventories have suppressed manufacturers' willingness to purchase materials. The export decline is difficult to see an improvement in the short term. Taiwan's export decline in the first quarter of this year may be higher than expected.
According to the release of the China Institute of Economic Research of Taiwan, the Taiwan Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) was 40.4% seasonally adjusted in January this year, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and it has been tightening for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring index system, the PMI takes 50% as the prosperity and dry line, and the index is greater than 50%, which represents the expansion of the boom, and vice versa is contraction.
Among the five constituent indicators of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders, production and manpower employment tightened, supplier delivery times fell, and inventory tightened.
The six major industries all reported PMI contraction, and each industry was ranked according to the rate of contraction as the power and machinery equipment industry (35.1%), the electronics and optics industry (35.2%), the chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), the basic raw materials industry (42.4%), the transportation industry (42.6%) and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, the “Comptroller General's Office” of the Taiwan Authorities announced that the annual increase in Taiwan's CPI in January this year was 3.04%, which has exceeded 3% again since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared by 28.25%, a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, a special committee member of Taiwan's “Comptroller General's Office”, admitted that the increase in vegetable prices did exceed expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year. Inflationary pressure still exists and is still at a high point.
Looking forward to Taiwan's economy this year, based on media reports from the island such as “Lianhe Zaobao” and "Yahoo Finance", experts expressed pessimism.
Wu Daren, a professor in the Department of Economics of Taiwan's “Central University”, analyzed that the export recession may cause cash outflows from export manufacturing manufacturers and increase the risk of debt default.
At the same time, the decrease in orders has led manufacturers to reduce labor costs, affecting the labor market and the household economy, which in turn has impacted consumption power.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not been resolved this year, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half of the year.
Since Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, affected by the export downturn, the annual economic growth performance will not be as good as last year.
“An important engine of Global recovery”- <url>
“In response to the impact of the new crown epidemic, China's economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
"Julio Rios, a well-known Spanish expert on China and honorary consultant of China Policy Watch, said in an interview with our reporter recently that the current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
Rios said that in the face of the impact of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
While China has unswervingly expanded its opening up to the outside world, the endogenous power of economic development has been continuously enhanced, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have developed in concert.
Every year, the two National Congresses of China are held to discuss the national development plan and discuss hot issues of people's livelihood on behalf of the members, so as to gather consensus, unite people's hearts, and gather wisdom to add strength to China's development.
“Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term rapid development and is currently entering a stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to China's wisdom and China's solutions, and looks forward to China's development bringing new opportunities to the world.
"Rios said that at present, China is fully promoting scientific and technological innovation and injecting new impetus into economic and social development. “Capital investment, talent training, and policy incentives have made China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan.”
In Rios' view, economic system reform is a difficult task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has given full play to the strengths of the market economy and the advantages of the socialist system, and taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Focusing on the strategic basis point of expanding domestic demand, we will increase financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the people's multi-level diversified consumer needs... China fully, accurately and comprehensively implements the new development concept, strives to promote high-quality development, and builds a new development pattern that will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the “One Belt, One Road” initiative.
“The stabilization and recovery of the economy after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
"Rios said he looked forward to the cooperation in the construction of the “Belt and Road” to continue to play its important role in improving the level of infrastructure in various countries and strengthening the interconnection of various fields, and to continue to release greater momentum.
(This newspaper is called Madrid)
(Yan Huan, reporter of the People's Daily)
Report: The number of international students returning to China for job search in 2022 has reached a new high- <url>
The top 10 pictures of fresh international students returning to China for job search in 2022 Source: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
<url>, Beijing, February 11 (Menrui) The recently released “2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report” (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") shows that the scale of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to China for job search hit a new high. The demand for overseas talents by Chinese companies is also on the rise.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of returnees looking for jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of fresh international students returning to China for jobs has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to China for job search hit a new high.
Judging from the distribution of study abroad countries for international students returning to China for job search, the United Kingdom accounts for the highest proportion, at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), the ranking is consistent with 2021.
Judging from the year-on-year growth rate, the number of fresh international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore has increased significantly year-on-year in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7%, respectively.
The number of fresh international students from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia fell year-on-year.
Chart of the supply and demand of returnee talents in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023 Source: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
According to the survey, 58% of international students who decided to return home believed that “domestic life is more convenient”, 40% decided to return home because they “more agree with the domestic cultural environment”, 32% believed that “there are more domestic employment opportunities”, and 22% believed that domestic economic activities would accelerate the recovery and obtain more employment opportunities.
Data show that the current demand for overseas talents by domestic enterprises is rapidly releasing, and the demand for returnee talents is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees looking for jobs in China both showed an upward trend. The number of priority positions for returnees on February 3 increased by 11% from January 28, and the number of returnees looking for jobs increased by 27%.
From the perspective of the industry, among the priority positions for returnees in 2022, the number of positions from the education/training industry accounted for 27.8%, ranking first, and the professional service/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1% respectively.
Changes in the number of returnees looking for jobs in China in recent years Source: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
From the salary point of view, the average recruitment salary for priority positions for returnees has risen for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month (RMB, the same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan/month from 13,719 yuan in 2021, an increase of 7%.
By region, the willingness of returnees to go to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier and below cities for development has increased in 2022. The proportion of delivery in 2022 was 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively, which are higher than the proportion of delivery in 2021.
Regarding the gains from studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said they were basically in line with expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared to the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said they were higher or much higher than expected, and this proportion was also higher than 25.4% in 2021.
(End)
Save half or more of the cost?
Henan Province regulates and integrates the price of oral implant medical services- <url>
CCTV news: Dental implants are an ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of tens of thousands of yuan a piece has always discouraged many patients.
Since this year, with the acceleration of the collection of dental implants, various places have also put the price reduction of dental implants on the agenda.
Starting from February 10, the price of a single conventional implant dental treatment service in Henan Province will be regulated at 4,300 yuan for the whole process, and the cost of a single conventional implant for the whole process will not be higher than 97% of the regulatory target.
Dental implants refer to a method of repairing missing teeth based on the lower structure implanted in the bone tissue to support and retain the upper tooth prosthesis.
The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that taking a single conventional planting as an example, the price from planting to final repair is about 16,000 to 7,000 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that in a situation like mine, it is almost 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, which can basically save half.
On the basis of the current project, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 oral implant medical service price items such as “implant implantation fee (single piece)”, and unified the prices of provincial-administered public medical institutions and medical insurance payment categories, cancelled or adjusted 20 medical service price items such as dental implant implantation.
Li Yunjie, director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Bidding and Procurement Department of Zhengzhou Municipal Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are four parties. One is medical insurance. The expenditure on medical insurance is less; the hospital's share is less, and the patient will increase appropriately; for suppliers, a market has been obtained; for our patients, it is the most profitable party, and the cost of planting a tooth may have to be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: To build the No. 1 speed pioneer city in China and the world's leading speed pioneer city- <url>
<url>, February 11th, according to news from the WeChat public account of “Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology” on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen Speed Pioneer City Construction Action Plan".
It is proposed that a high-speed, large-capacity and low-latency super broadband network will be built before the end of 2023, to achieve the goal of “dual gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and everything connected” network construction, and to create the first in China and the world's leading ultra-fast pioneer city.
The "Plan" proposes to accelerate the upgrading of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The "Plan" requires that the energy efficiency of 5G networks be comprehensively improved.
Research and formulate Shenzhen 5G network service quality specifications and standards, carry out 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve 5G network service quality.
Support basic telecommunications companies to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, and 10,000 new 5G base stations will be added throughout the year. The city's average download rate has reached 500Mbps and the uplink rate has reached 100Mbps. The download rate in key areas has reached 1000Mbps and the uplink rate has reached 200Mbps, and the network rate and user experience have been greatly improved.
Create a city-level high-quality wireless local area network.
Formulate wireless local area network (WLAN) service specifications for public places, promote the upgrading of WLAN in areas with dense personnel and concentrated information consumption needs in various districts of the city, and provide Gigabit access capabilities.
Relying on the "Deep i Network“ to build a unified certification and supervision platform for the city's public wireless local area networks, to achieve ”one-time authentication, sensorless roaming, and intelligent switching", and support operators to incorporate social self-built APS (wireless access points) with public service capabilities into the certification and supervision platform.
Before the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APS will not be less than 20,000.
In addition, the "Plan" also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical capacity network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and enhance Internet application service capabilities.
The "Plan" is clear and cooperatively builds an IOT perception system.
Explore the construction of an urban perception terminal construction management model based on the ”Open source Hongmeng" operating system, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of an urban-level IOT perception platform, and promote the interconnection of urban IOT platforms, professional IOT platforms in various fields, and data.
Deepen the application of IOT perception in urban management, people's livelihood services, public safety, transportation and other fields, and expand fixed perception such as urban roads, buildings, and public facilities, and mobile perception collection channels such as intelligent connected vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of sensing terminals for the Internet of Things in water and electricity will exceed 9 million, and 20 demonstration projects for the application of multi-function smart poles will be created.
The Plan also mentions strengthening the integration and application of satellite and ground communications, laying out the construction of low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting the deep coverage of offshore 5G networks.
At the same time, it will promote the in-depth coverage of offshore 5G networks, build an ecosystem of industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top-level competitions and events.
(China-Singapore Finance and Economics)
“New variables” have emerged in China's e-commerce industry. How can the delivery of goods be “content is king”?
-China News Network
<url>, February 11th Topic: “New variables” have emerged in China's e-commerce industry. How can the delivery of goods be “content is king”?
China-Singapore Financial Reporter Xia Bin
“We entered the e-commerce market late, but we realized from the beginning that content is very important to stand out from the millions of stores.
”Fangfang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, now operates a nourishing food store on Douyin e-commerce, allowing an offline store with a history of more than 30 years to “blossom” online.
Imitating the tone of old Hong Kong movies and accompanied by classic Cantonese songs, open the @Fangfang one-person food Douyin account. The exquisite videos are refreshing.
At the recently held Douyin e-commerce “Looking for Peers· High-quality Content sharing Session”, Fangfang spoke as a representative of high-quality creators and introduced her daily creative experience and experience.
She said at the scene: “The carefully polished video has gained the attention of many netizens. Many people are interested in the ingredients of my family and want to cook food together, so the sales market suddenly opened.
”
Fangfang relied on the soup-making video to make more people fall in love with the ”taste of Laoguang". A live broadcast sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients, saving her family's old shop that was on the verge of collapse.
“No content, no e-commerce”, with the continuous development of short videos and live e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of the development of live broadcast with goods, live broadcast studios often used low-cost discounts to attract users, and price advantages seemed to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there have been both phenomenon-level big V's such as Liu Yuhong and Dongfang Selection, as well as many people and businesses that are not well-known to the public in vertical segments. They have continuously created high-quality content that meets the tone of their own brand to enhance long-term business efficiency.
Gao Yaxuan, head of star author operations for Douyin e-commerce, introduced that in the past year, 6.27 million creators have monetized content through Douyin e-commerce, and their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total turnover has more than doubled.
“Behind these numbers, we can feel a vigorous and vigorous author ecology.
"Gao Yaxuan said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the “E-commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report”, which analyzes the importance of high-quality content, a "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry, from the data dimension, and uses the index to evaluate the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China. The ecological situation was evaluated.
According to the ranking of the ecological health index of the content of the e-commerce industry in the above report, Douyin e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and Jingdong ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce with content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional production of content) and UGC (user original content) are the high-quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce implantation, and the stronger the commercial value, the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption that are gradually integrated and distributed in the public and private sectors.
At the scene, Yu Guoming, a professor of the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, analyzed and interpreted the report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from “consumer accessibility” to “consumer quality” stage, and high-quality, professional and differentiated content is the “hard currency” of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and gripper of the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge payment, professional knowledge, and KOL (key opinion leaders) have begun to become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content from the perspective of content structure improvement, create positive content creation and management standards, and realize the index and dynamic balance of the content ecological health system of the e-commerce industry.
The other is from the perspective of external ecology, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
“In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more data and artificial intelligence support to form a forecast of the stability of future development; in addition, it will provide businesses with a more standardized and healthy growth space, realize the value synergy of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and create a healthy content ecosystem.
”(End)
The margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will start next week- <url>
Newspaper news (reporter Sun Jie) Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange released news that with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the margin trading authority of the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept investors' commissions and declare margin trading to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first batch of 56 underlying stocks for margin financing is determined on January 31, 2023 as the calculation base date.
The Beijing Stock Exchange said that the list of stocks subject to margin financing and the list of margin-deductible securities will be announced through the “Information Disclosure-Margin financing Information” section of the official website of the Beijing Stock Exchange to facilitate investors' inquiries.
Margin financing is an important basic system in the securities market and a more mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of the announcement of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on the margin business.
The launch of margin trading on the Beijing Stock Exchange is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the market system of the Beijing Stock Exchange, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The margin system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting investors' diversified trading needs, promoting market price discovery, and further enhancing market liquidity.
In the next step, the Beijing Stock Exchange, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, will continue to do a good job in guaranteeing the financing and margin business, enrich the trading system tools based on investor needs, improve relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange serving innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th Sino-Japanese Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing. He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech- <url>
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th, on February 11th, the 16th Sino-Japanese Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing in a combination of online and offline.
He Lifeng, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and Director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus of the Bangkok meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and strengthen Sino-Japanese green development cooperation.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of development methods, in-depth promotion of the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, and work together to promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion, and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation-intensive, and green low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with the United States to continue to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and cultural exchanges, and promote green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japan's Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasunori Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the China-Japan Economic Association. It includes the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, automobile electrification and intelligence, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from the governments, enterprises and institutions of China and Japan had exchanges.
The Chinese rescue team continues to carry out rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people- <url>
<url>, February 11th, according to news on the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on the 11th, on February 10th, the Chinese rescue team, which was searching and rescuing in Turkey, sent 3 operational teams and 45 rescue team members to rescue 1 trapped person.
At the same time, two search and evaluation teams were dispatched to evaluate and investigate 15 buildings on Vodabash Street.
So far, a total of 4 trapped people have been rescued, 5 victims have been searched, and 25 severely collapsed buildings have been assessed for signs of life and risks.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force based on the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue site, and continue to carry out rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtains rescue information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verifies it one by one through online inquiries, on-site searches, and other methods.
Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapse to the Hong Kong Rescue Team of China, and jointly carry out search operations.
At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team. At the same time, 3 team members are dispatched to participate in the work of the No. 5 Regional Rescue Coordination Center, and communicate with Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman and many other teams to learn about the rescue work of the United Nations rescue organization and rescue teams from various countries.
The rescue team continues to strengthen safety management and team security, and in accordance with the principle of “unified command and safety first”, strengthens the safety control of the rescue site, strengthens the disciplinary requirements for rescue work, and clarifies safety precautions.
Continue to operate the rotating standby and sentry work system, and strengthen the safety management of the camp.
The medical personnel of the rescue team provide medical examination services to the team members every day, and strengthen the medical protection of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health and carry out the elimination of the camp.
After the establishment of the self-operated site, the logistics support team members set up a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical decontamination, living accommodation and kennels, to ensure more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.
Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project-Four Theories, a deep understanding of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening of the seminar on learning and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party- <url>
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th Topic: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project-Four Theories, a deep understanding of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening of the seminar on learning and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party
Commentator of Xinhua News Agency
“Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires comprehensive consideration, systematic planning, and overall promotion, and correctly handles a series of major relationships such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and strategy, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and opening up to the outside world.
”At the opening ceremony of the seminar for new members of the Central Committee, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the Party's 20th National Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization and systematically clarified a series of major relationships that need to be dealt with in practice, which provides a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization. It is related to the governance of the party, the country, the army, internal affairs, diplomacy, and national defense. It is necessary not only to make systematic plans, but also to have the courage to reform and innovate, and continuously achieve overall advancement.
To carry out top-level design, it is necessary to have a deep insight into the general development trend of the world, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, and deeply explore the laws of economic and social development, so that the formulated planning and policy system reflects the times, grasps regularity, and is full of creativity, so as to achieve a combination of distance and near, top-to-bottom connection, and content coordination.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking. There are still many uncharted areas that need to be boldly explored in practice and promoted through reform and innovation. We must not seek swords and wait for the hare.
Strategic issues are fundamental issues for a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to enhance the forward-looking strategy, foresee the future and lead the future with a scientific strategy; to enhance the global nature of the strategy, focusing on solving major issues related to the rise and fall of the party and the national cause, which affect the whole body; to enhance the stability of the strategy, once the strategy is formed, it is necessary to persevere for a long time, grasp it to the end, and do good deeds.
It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical unified relationship between strategy and strategy, organically combine the principle of strategy with the flexibility of strategy, be flexible, adaptable, and make decisions on the spot, and grasp the strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, moving according to the situation, and taking advantage of the situation.
The Chinese nation is a nation of integrity and innovation.
To deal with the relationship between integrity and innovation, we must not only abide by the origin and source, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, and unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements, and major principles of Chinese-style modernization to ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize changes and adapt to changes, vigorously promote reform and innovation, and constantly shape new kinetic energy and advantages for development, so as to fully stimulate the vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation of fairness, and fairness is a strong guarantee of efficiency.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also more effectively maintain social fairness, and better realize the balance, promotion, and unification of efficiency and fairness.
Handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness well, and continuously realize that development is for the people, development depends on the people, and the results of development are shared by the people, so that the results of modernization can benefit all the people more and more fairly.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to deal with the relationship between vitality and order so that society can be both vibrant and stable and orderly.
It is necessary to co-ordinate the two major events of development and security, implement the overall concept of national security, improve the national security system, strengthen the ability to maintain national security, and firmly maintain the security of national power, institutional security, ideological security, and key areas.
Not only do we pay more attention to security factors in development, enhance national security strength through development, and use development results to consolidate the foundation of national security, but we are also good at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously stimulating development vitality, and achieving healthy interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only adhere to our own path, but also expand the vision of the world, adhere to opening up to the outside world, and constantly expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must adhere to independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, insist on putting the development of the country and the nation on the basis of our own strength, and insist on firmly holding the fate of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
We must continue to expand high-level opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future in mutual benefit and win-win situation.
Only by following the way can we go far.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and under the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping's socialist thought with Chinese characteristics in the new era, grasp the rules, practice without slackening, give full play to enthusiasm, initiative, and creativity, properly handle a series of major relationships, and work hard on the new journey of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way, and constantly open up a new realm of Chinese-style modernization.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration on Friday (February 10) blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of participating in the spy balloon program.
The U.S. Department of Commerce said that these five Chinese companies and one research institute have helped modernize the Chinese military, especially aerospace projects, including airships and aircraft.
It is difficult for blacklisted companies to obtain U.S. technology exports.
The list is called the ”entity list" (entity list). Unless the listed companies obtain a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce, they will not be able to purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers.
The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., the 48th Research Institute of China Electronic Technology Group, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to this, the White House said it was considering broader measures to “expose and deal with” China's larger surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident triggered further tensions between China and the United States, and U.S. Secretary of State Blinken cancelled his visit to China.
The United States shot down the balloon on February 4, and the Chinese government submitted serious negotiations to the U.S. Embassy in China, criticizing the U.S. for seriously impacting and harming the efforts and processes of the two sides to stabilize Sino-U.S. relations.
From the existing wreckage evidence and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the U.S. government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon “has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army” and is an approved supplier by the Chinese military.
Mao Ning, a spokesperson for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, said at a press conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and clarified its position regarding the accidental incident of a Chinese unmanned civilian airship straying into U.S. airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the United States Congress are purely political manipulation and speculation.
China is strongly dissatisfied with this and resolutely opposes it.
Matthew Axelrod, assistant secretary for export enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce, said: “Today's actions demonstrate our joint efforts to identify and prevent China from using spy balloons that violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
”
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was not aware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any improper behavior will lead to recovery and criminal prosecution.
(German Voice Chinese network) It has been a few days since the earthquake in parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is getting slimmer. However, the family of five rescued on Saturday made the search and rescue personnel feel extremely relieved.
According to the Associated Press, in the town of Nurdayy, the hardest-hit area in Gaziantep Province, the family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the ruins for more than five days.
The search and rescue personnel first pulled out the mother and daughter from a pile of ruins, and then found the father, but he insisted on saving his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, cheers rang out in the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmarash, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued under severe cold weather conditions.
“What day is it today?
”--The teenager who was trapped under the ruins for 129 hours asked the rescuers who rescued him after being brought back to the ground.
A man from Kahramanmarash is holding his newly rescued cat
The miraculous successful rescue cases have brought a glimmer of light to the search and rescue work that had been promising, but at the same time, the number of people killed is also rising.
According to official statistics, Monday's earthquake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated to be more than 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week at most after being trapped in the ruins, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly slim.
Rescuers are still using thermal imagers to explore signs of life under the ruins.
At the same time, the focus of rescue efforts began to shift to helping survivors who were in urgent need of assistance.
UN official: A disaster “not encountered in a hundred years” in the region
Martin Griffith, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, said at a press conference in Turkey that the earthquake was “the worst disaster in a hundred years” in the region.
He also praised Turkey's response after the disaster as “extraordinary.”
He also told Reuters reporters that he hopes to be able to provide relief to areas controlled by the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said that related matters are “not yet clear.”
The United Nations has promised to provide an additional US225 million in relief donations to the people in the earthquake-stricken areas of Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced an allocation of 25 million U.S. dollars for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
The Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 pm local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake observed and recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a moment magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia turned into ruins.
The huge tsunami caused by the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, setting off a huge tsunami with a wave height of 25 meters high.
The tsunami spread to distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of victims and economic losses caused by a disaster of this magnitude cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Great Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, and it was also Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake was still the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
At the time of the earthquake, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate broke in Prince William Bay near College Sound.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted from 3 minutes to 5 minutes.
The displacement of the seabed triggered a huge tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Since the day was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake eventually killed 139 people.
Among them, 9 people died directly from the earthquake, and the other 130 people died from the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or higher occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.
The source of the earthquake was 23 kilometers from the ground.
The city's transportation, communications, water supply, and power supply in Tangshan City were interrupted, and it was razed to the ground in an instant.
A strong earthquake was also felt in Beijing, the capital 140 kilometers away.
According to official statistics, in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries.
The Tangshan Earthquake became the second deadliest earthquake on record in China, second only to the Great Jiajing Earthquake in 1556.
But some overseas scientists estimate that the earthquake may have killed at least 650,000 people.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
The Great Indian Ocean Earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers off the west coast of Aceh Province, Sumatra, Indonesia, with a depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with a wave height of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries on the Pacific coast were affected, of which the most severely affected areas included Aceh Province in Indonesia, the resort areas of Koh Li and Phuket in Thailand, Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
At that time, it was the peak tourist season of Christmas. A large number of tourists and local residents gathered in the affected areas, resulting in many tourists enjoying holidays on the beach and locals working by the sea being swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, making many people missing in the earthquake.
It is estimated that the number of dead and missing is at least 300,000.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the earthquake had a surface wave magnitude of 8.2 and a moment magnitude of 8.3, and the damage area exceeded 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had killed a total of 69,227 people, 17,923 people were missing, 374,643 people were injured to varying degrees, 19.9303 million people lost their homes, and the total affected population reached 46.256 million.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and it was also the one with the heaviest casualties after the Tangshan Earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12th of each year will be designated as Disaster prevention and Mitigation Day to strengthen public education and pay attention to disaster prevention and mitigation.
After that, many governments and primary and secondary schools in China held earthquake-proof exercises on this day of the year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to pay attention to popularizing “earthquake prevention and disaster reduction” education.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Haiti Earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred in Haiti, an island country in the Caribbean Sea.
The epicenter of the earthquake was located 25 kilometers west and south of Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, and the source of the earthquake was about 13 kilometers from the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the population affected by the earthquake is about 3 million.
The confirmed death toll announced by the Haitian government exceeded 200,000.
In some areas of Haiti, as many as 90% of houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Although the international community has provided a lot of assistance and support, this poor country with overpopulation and rampant corruption has never recovered from this disaster.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
The Great Tohoku Earthquake in Japan (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large-scale thrust zone earthquake with a moment magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the coast of Northeast Japan.
The epicenter of the earthquake was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture. The depth of the source was measured at 24 kilometers, and it triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
This earthquake was the first earthquake with a magnitude of more than 9 in Japan since it was observed and recorded.
About 22,000 people lost their lives in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was affected by the earthquake and tsunami and a leakage accident occurred.
The accident was classified as the most serious level 7 in the International Nuclear Incident Classification Table (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident caused trace amounts of radioactive substances to be measured all over the world, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years).
A large number of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of a nuclear accident.
According to statistics from the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Turkey and Syria are currently in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes due to the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has called for an allocation of US777 million to provide food to victims displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as minus, and many victims have no shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to reach many people in urgent need.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the suffering of the people even worse.
In the four days after the earthquake, the World Food Programme has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any improper behavior will lead to recovery and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: POLICE Information Notice: THE Provincial Police Department calls on the public to beware of fraudulent SMS messages from fake telecommunications companies
Recently, the police department of the division received a number of telecommunications fraud cases. Criminals pretended to be local telecommunications companies to send fraudulent text messages with links to websites to the owner, using the points as bait to redeem rewards as soon as possible when they expire, to trick the owner into logging in to the fake website for redemption.
The subject entered the credit card information and verification code as instructed, and then received a notification from the financial institution that the credit card had an unknown consumption record, and it was suspected that the credit card information had been stolen through the above-mentioned website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above SMS.
The Si Police Department urges the public to be vigilant if they receive similar mobile phone SMS messages. Do not log in to the website link contained in the SMS or provide any personal information. If you are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction password, and transaction verification code, you should be more cautious to prevent credit card theft. Swipe.
Anti-fraud tips：
1. Pay more attention to network security information and raise personal awareness of prevention；
2. Do not log in to websites of unknown origin casually and register personal and credit card information on the website to prevent theft.；
3. Be wary of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website url exactly matches the official website；
4. Install anti-virus software for mobile phones, mobile devices or computers and update them regularly；
5. If you suspect that you have encountered fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the anti-fraud enquiry hotline of the Police Department at 8800 7777 or the crime reporting hotline at 993 for help.
NEWS GOV-MO: A large-scale Hong Kong delegation visited Macau's tourist attractions and facilities to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand “online travel” between Hong Kong and Macao
MGTO organized a large-scale Hong Kong delegation of more than 100 people composed of representatives of the tourism department of the Hong Kong Government, the tourism industry and the media to Macao. In addition to work meetings and industry negotiations, the two-day (10th and 11th) schedule, representatives of the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media also visited a number of tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macao in batches to introduce the latest Macao tourism products to the Hong Kong market, while promoting cultural tourism linkage between the two places to jointly expand the “online travel” market in Hong Kong and Macao.
Visit in person to introduce a new way of playing Macau tourism
The large-scale delegation of 100 people in Hong Kong included leaders of tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong Government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transportation operators between Hong Kong and Macao, and about 30 reporters from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, online media representatives and bloggers/net celebrities, etc., to visit Macao for exchanges and visits to learn about Macao's latest tourism resources. The Hong Kong industry and the media will bring the new gameplay of Macao tourism to Hong Kong residents and visitors to Hong Kong, taking advantage of the advantages of Hong Kong's transportation hub to expand the “online travel” market in Hong Kong and Macao.
Two-day intensive itinerary to find business opportunities and increase publicity
The delegation visited the world heritage site “Historic City of Macau” in groups yesterday and today, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, “Time and Space Travel to Sanba"-the immersive Digital experience exhibition of the Sanba Arch, the Macau Fair, the Old Town of Taipa, and a number of large-scale resorts and facilities: Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, Meishi MGM, Morpheus, The Londoner Macao, Galaxy Macau, Artelli Multidimensional Art Space in City of Dreams and TeamLab Supernatural Space at The Venetian Macao.
Through visiting Macao's tourist facilities and experiencing Macao's “tourism+” elements firsthand, the members of the delegation shared Macao's tourism resources and travel experience with Hong Kong residents, and integrated Macao's latest tourism products to promote and sell to Hong Kong residents.
Attract Hong Kong tourists to expand “online travel” between Hong Kong and Macao
Taking advantage of the opportunity for customs clearance to return to normal, MGTO has launched a promotional campaign in the Hong Kong market and launched various discounts, including the launch of transportation ticketing discounts to and from Hong Kong and Macao, and the use of brand-new promotional videos to advertise on online and offline platforms.
Following last month's invitation to leaders of the Hong Kong tourism industry to come to Macao for exchange and investigation and Hong Kong net celebrities to experience Macao's “Tourism+” firsthand, this time, representatives of the Hong Kong tourism industry and the media were once again organized to visit Macao to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Macao for consumption. The two industries have also negotiated to work together to expand the “online travel” market in Hong Kong and Macao, jointly expand the Mainland and overseas markets, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry in the two places.
Xi Jinping wrote back and encouraged the members of the Chinese medical team to aid Central Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence. Tell the Chinese story well with practical actions-Rolling News-Hunan Daily-Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping wrote back and encouraged the members of the Chinese medical team to aid Central Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, and to tell a good Chinese story with practical actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Responsible Editor: Li Xufeng] Font: 【Large, Medium and small】
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th, Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, President of the State, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, wrote back to the 19th batch of Chinese medical team members assisting the Central African Republic on February 9th, extending greetings to them and the majority of foreign medical team members and putting forward ardent expectations.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome the difficulties of work and life in Central Africa and served the local people with your heart. You are not only angels in white who save lives and injuries, but also friendly messengers who convey friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of the Chinese foreign aid medical team. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are and have performed foreign aid medical missions.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign aid medical care is a vivid embodiment.
I hope you will not forget your original intention and keep in mind your mission, and vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team that is not afraid of hardships, willing to give, saving lives and injuries, and boundless love, so as to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, tell the Chinese story well with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a human health community.
Foreign aid medical care is an important content of our country's foreign aid work.
In 1963, my country sent the first foreign medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical personnel have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, and 290 million patients have been treated, which has won wide praise from the international community.
At present, foreign aid medical teams work in 115 medical sites in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams assisting China and Africa wrote to General Secretary Xi Jinping to report on learning and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party, providing medical services to the local people, etc., and expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a human health community.
Newly entered members of the Central Committee, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese Characteristics and the completion of the Seminar on the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party-Rolling News-Hunan Daily-Huasheng Online
Newly promoted members of the Central Committee, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels completed the seminar on learning and implementing Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese Characteristics and the 20th National Congress of the Party.
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Responsible Editor: Li Xufeng] Font: 【Large, Medium and small】
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th, newly entered members of the Central Committee, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to learn and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese Characteristics and the Party's 20th National Congress Spirit seminar closed at the Central Party School (National Academy of Administration) on the afternoon of the 10th. Cai Qi, Member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China and Secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the closing ceremony and made a concluding speech.
He said that he should deeply study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the “two establishment” and resolutely achieve “two maintenance”, strengthen his skills, do hard work, and firmly promote the various tasks of Chinese-style modernization, and create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in building a modern socialist country in an all-round way and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation in an all-round way.
During the seminar, all the students took Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era as their guide, carefully studied the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Party and the important speech of General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, contacted actual in-depth discussions and exchanges, and deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization. Under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, they have the confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization, and have enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to perform their duties conscientiously, do a good job, and ensure a good start to the new era.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar spoke and reported and exchanged their learning gains.
Cai Qi said that learning to implement Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the 20th National Congress of the Party in the new era is not only the primary political task in the current and future periods, but also a long-term strategic task. It is necessary to promote learning and implementation in accordance with the requirements of “comprehensive learning, comprehensive grasp, and comprehensive implementation.” The work continues to go deep, to the truth, and to the heart.
It is necessary to more deeply understand the decisive significance of the “two foundations”, resolutely safeguard the core status of General Secretary Xi Jinping, maintain the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralized and unified leadership, continuously improve political judgment, political comprehension, and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core in thought and political actions.
We must strive to master the skill of Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theory to arm the mind, guide practice, and promote work, and work hard on deep learning, careful understanding, and committed practice to truly learn firm belief, absolute loyalty, and mission responsibility.
We must implement the decision-making and deployment of the 20th National Congress of the Party in a state of vigorous and promising spirit, firmly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, get down and be a good “construction captain”, step by step to turn the blueprint into reality.
It is necessary to keep in mind that comprehensive and strict governance of the Party is always on the way, and the Party's self-revolution is always on the way. We must tighten and consolidate the political responsibilities of comprehensive and strict governance of the Party, take the Party's political construction as the leader, and deeply promote the new great project of Party construction in the new era.
It is necessary to strengthen the ability to promote high-quality development, serve the masses, and prevent and resolve risks, develop the style of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, and Wang Xiaohong attended the graduation ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the graduation ceremony.
Google AI chatbot “answered the wrong question” The parent company's stock price evaporated by hundreds of billions of dollars
(Comprehensive 11th)
Google's newly launched artificial intelligence chatbot Bard was unfavorable. It “answered the wrong question” in the promotional video, which caused the share price of Google's parent company Alphabet to fall sharply by 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the美元100 mark, and its market capitalization evaporated by 110 billion US dollars (about 476.5 billion ringgits). As of Friday's close, the market was at 94.57 US dollars.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as good as rival Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google released a promotional video of the AI chatbot Bard on social media earlier. In the video, someone asked Bard: “Can I tell my 9-year-old about the new discoveries of the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?"
"Bard mentioned in his answer that the telescope had taken the first picture of an extrasolar planet.
However, according to NASA, the first photo of an extrasolar planet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.
"Reuters" also reported on the topic ”Alphabet's stock price plummeted after Bard answered incorrectly."
On the other hand, Google pointed out that Bard's response “highlights the importance of a rigorous testing process” and will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response “meets high standards based on quality, safety, and truthful information.”
Singapore's tourism industry has recovered strongly, and inbound tourists have increased 19 times over 2021.
(Comprehensive 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it is expected that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore in 2023 will reach 12 million to 14 million, which will bring about S新18 billion to S新21 billion in tourism revenue; the number of tourists and tourism revenue will return to the level of about 67% to 75% before the new crown epidemic in 2019; it is very likely that the tourism industry will achieve a full recovery in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and resume in 2022.
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that inbound tourists in 2022 have increased 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million, surpassing the Tourism Board's earlier estimate of 4 million to 6 million, and tourists have returned to the pre-epidemic level of 33%.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled S新8.96 billion. It is expected that the annual tourism revenue in 2022 will reach S新13.8 billion to S新14.3 billion, an increase of 6 to 7 times from S新1.89 billion in 2021, and it has returned to the level of about 50% to 52% before the New Crown epidemic in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken multiple measures at the same time to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the Government announced an allocation of nearly S新500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Bureau recently announced that it plans to allocate S新110 million from this budget in the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists back.
In order to make health and health one of Singapore's tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board released a solicitation of intent on November 23, 2022, planning to develop a health and health attraction on the southern coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, Executive Director of Sports and Health Tourism of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put physical health at the top of various considerations.
The development of a health and health attraction in the Southern Marina District, which owns Gardens by the Bay and Marina Embankment, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism and economy, allowing tourists to spend and stay in Singapore longer.
Chen Jianlong, director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in the next few years, health and health will become an important part of Singapore's tourism products.
The new Crown epidemic has increased public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the Tourism Bureau has been promoting health programs to the local public and international tourists in the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health Festival, providing the public with more than 130 various health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide tourists with new travel experiences.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, the Avatar World in Gardens by the Bay, the Sentosa Central Beach Market, the new “Exploring New Areas” exhibition hall of the Artscience Museum, and the newly built amphitheater in the Night Safari Park, the Tourism Bureau will support the development and renewal of projects such as the Bird Park in the World of Wild Animals, making Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive tourism industry within 2023, and focus on improving waste treatment and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
Data show that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport's passenger traffic has recovered strongly, receiving as many as 150,000 passengers per day, about 1 million passengers per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of the pre-COVID-19 epidemic. The number of employees in the aviation industry has also returned to the level of about 90% before the epidemic.
Data show that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers, which is equivalent to 42% of the pre-COVID-19 epidemic, and 170,000 take-off and landing flights, which is 53% of the pre-epidemic level.
The rapid recovery of tourism has also driven the pace of recovery in industries such as accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping.
The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Ke Shudan, assistant director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that a survey by the Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranks among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is loved by Chinese tourists.
Before the New Crown epidemic, about 3.6 million people in China traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists will recover to 30% to 60% in 2019 this year.
Ke Shudan pointed out that in the future, the Tourism Bureau will pay close attention to the further signals released by China's outbound travel policy to respond to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to the new trends in overseas travel in China.
Looking forward to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is full of confidence that as long as the global economy does not experience a significant recession affecting public income, and there are no new large-scale deadly outbreaks, the pace of tourism recovery will be faster than expected.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interact intimately and his wife is left out in the cold
(Comprehensive 11th) North Korea held a military parade for the 75th anniversary of the founding of the Army on the evening of the 8th. The daughter of leader Kim Jong-un, Kim Jong-ae, not only attended, but also stood on the podium with her father.
North Korean state media announced the video on the 9th. Kim Jong-ae snuggled next to her father, looking at each other warmly and whispering several times. She gently held her father's cheek with both hands, and even touched her father's chest. The interactive picture of father and daughter was broadcast to the whole country.
However, the first lady Li Xuejun could only retreat to the side.
Based on South Korea's “North Korea News” and other reports, Kim Jong-un, Li Xuejun and his wife took their daughter Kim Jae-ae to attend the dinner on the 7th. In the official group photo, Kim Jae-ae not only rarely sat in the middle of her parents in the C position, she also boarded the podium with Kim Jong-un at the 75th anniversary military parade on the evening of the next day.
North Korea's state-run media “North Korea Central Television" later released a video of the military parade, exposing more pictures of father and daughter affection.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the podium. The smiles on the faces of the two never faded, and they whispered in each other's ears. At one point, Kim Jong-un held his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un also responded with a big smile.
Other state media footage also showed that when Kim Jong-un and Kim Jong-un were sitting on the indoor sofa and chair, they kept touching their father's face with their hands; when she walked arm in arm with her father, she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hands.
The first lady, Li Xuejun, can only walk behind or sit aside throughout the process, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that since Kim Jong-ae first showed his face in public with the test launch of the Mars 17 missile on November 18 last year, the probability of exposure has been getting higher and higher in the past three months, and it is the fifth time he has appeared on a formal occasion.
When North Korean state media mentioned Kim Jong-ae, they used extremely high honorific titles such as dearest child and noble child. They also broadcast clips of Kim Jong-ae repeatedly shouting and vowing to support the white-headed bloodline when he was in the stands overlooking the military parade.
These signs have made the outside world wonder whether Kim Jong-il has been internally designated as the heir to the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that “this is a signal that Kim Jong-un has promoted his middle-school-age daughter to the position of successor.” However, there are also views that such a judgment is still too early. In the case of Kim Jong-un having a son under his knee, there are still various possibilities.
Chongyang Q&A-How to view the US non-farm payrolls data for January exceeded expectations and future trends-Economic Watch-Professional Financial News Website
Q: What does Chongyang Investment think of the US non-farm payrolls data for January that exceeded expectations and future trends?
A: On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor released non-farm payrolls data for January 2023, with 517,000 new non-farm payrolls, which was significantly higher than the 189,000 expected by the market; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest level in nearly 50 years; hourly wages grew by 4.4% year-on-year, and the growth rate was 0.3% sequentially, a slight slowdown.
From the overall point of view, there are many one-time and technical factors in the data this time, such as the number of faculty and staff returning from strikes, the revision of survey statistics, and the update of seasonal adjustment factors. There may be revisions in the future (refer to the new non-farm payrolls in January 2022 from 504,000 to 364,000), non-farm payrolls may not be as strong as the data shows.
From a structural point of view, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is relatively low; new employment in high-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care has rebounded sharply, and data show that the labor gap in the service industry still exists.
Combined with the equally larger-than-expected service industry PMI, the rebound in job vacancies and labor gap data, and the strength of consumer credit data, we judge that the U.S. service industry has ushered in a rapid repair after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be difficult to improve without a recession.
At present, there is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the U.S. labor market, and the labor participation rate is rising slowly, especially the labor participation rate of 25-54 years old is close to the pre-epidemic high.
In addition, due to the excess savings of U.S. residents and the strength of consumer credit, the strength of consumer demand will cause the impact of tightening policies on the job market to lag further.
The continued tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be the background of the U.S. economy in 2023.
Given that the current interest rate hike is nearing the end and inflation expectations continue to repeat, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before the release of this data, the US stock, bond and foreign exchange market's expectations of the Fed's interest rate hike path were too optimistic.
With the continuous improvement of inflation data, the Fed has shortened the pace of interest rate increases while maintaining the fragile balance of market inflation expectations, but the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed's hawkish statement. Not only is it expected to stop raising interest rates early, but it is also expected to cut interest rates twice at the end of the year.
In the case of tight supply and demand in the labor market and the unknown impact of tightening policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance for raising interest rates at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. The adjustment of extreme market expectations and the crowding of transactions may cause some harm to the market.
Nevertheless, the stubbornness of wage growth is difficult to change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With the negative year-on-year M2 data and the gradual improvement of the leading indicators of various CPI sub-items, the US CPI data has turned to a stage of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of wage growth will only support future inflation data. The current market expectations are difficult to falsify, and the market may enter a new round of games after the next inflation data is released.
Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Shanshan, passed away due to a sudden heart disease. He led the transformation of China's first clothing stock. -Economic Watch-Professional financial news website
Economic Observer reporter Zheng Zhixin on February 11, the WeChat public account of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shanshan Holdings”), the main body of the certification, published an obituary. Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Shanshan Enterprises and chairman of the Board of Directors of Shanshan Holdings, died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65 due to a sudden heart disease. Invalid treatment.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of the state-owned cotton spinning factory. With the transfer, Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yungang Garment Factory, the predecessor of Shanshan Shares, in 1989.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Business Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Future Stars of Chinese Companies, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of the Shanshan brand was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Shanshan Shares (600884.SH ) Listed, becoming the first listed company in China's garment industry.
Just when the clothing business was in full swing, Shanshan Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that "once the market is liberalized, Chinese brands will naturally form an echelon brand market. Shanshan suits want to dominate for a long time, and it is unlikely that they will become the national service of Chinese people for a long time.”
In 1999, Shanshan began to study corporate transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, “We came to Shanghai to find out what to do with the transformation. We specially found many experts and scholars, and held some Zhuge Liang meetings and retreats continuously. Seminars.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is "great health has a future".
After the strategic direction was determined, Shanshan began to look for cooperation. At that time, the carbon Research Institute of Anshan Institute of Thermal Energy supporting Ansteel was working on the national 863 project, and the scientific research funds were not enough, so Shanshan and the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Institute of Thermal Energy signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the National 863 project “Intermediate phase carbon microspheres” project, engaged in the research and development, production and sales of anode materials, and realize the commercial promotion of anode materials in China.
In 2001, Shanshan Co., Ltd. realized the large-scale production of intermediate-phase carbon microspheres and began to replace them with localization, replacing Japan as the main supplier of intermediate-phase carbon microspheres in China.
This is the first manufacturer of anode materials for lithium-ion batteries in China, and it has realized the localization of anode materials for lithium-ion batteries.
With the rapid popularization of the application of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Shanshan Shares began to gradually develop. In 2007, the lithium battery materials business was included in the main business of Shanshan Shares, and the proportion of revenue from the clothing business decreased year by year. Until 2013, Shanshan Shares' lithium battery materials business revenue fully surpassed the clothing business.
In February 2021, Shanshan Shares successfully acquired LG Chem's polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established a polarizer company Shanjin Optoelectronics. The technical content in this field is relatively high. Shanshan's main competitors are the world's top 500, such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical, and Nitto Denko.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management, "Chinese private companies acquire some international high-tech companies with a relatively low probability of success. Why do those acquisitions fail?
Because everyone will think about it, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to take care of it, right? This is an act that is usually done.” However, Zheng Yonggang is different. On the day of the successful acquisition of Shanshan, Zheng Yonggang went to Shanjin Optoelectronics to announce in public that Shanshan, as the majority shareholder of Shanjin, decided to implement one enterprise and two systems. Except for Zheng Yonggang as the chairman, people from Shanshan enterprises are not sent to Shanjin and adopt an authorized operation method. The original distribution system, corporate culture, and various management models remain unchanged.
According to the 2022 negative electrode data released by ICC Xinshun Information, Shanshan's negative electrode shipments in 2022 exceeded 200,000 tons, a year-on-year increase of 100%, and its market share reached 16%. The shipment of artificial graphite negative electrode materials ranked first.
In terms of polarizer business, Yano Research statistics show that the company's Shanjin Optoelectronics' global market share will reach 29% in 2022, and it is expected that the market share will reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshan's revenue was 15.841 billion yuan and its net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10, Shanshan's share price was 19.24 yuan per share, with a total market capitalization of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9th, Shanshan Shares said on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's effective graphitization production capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitization production capacity of the Meishan project is still climbing.
According to Wonder, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshan Shares.
Tianyan Inspection showed that Zheng Yonggang's total shareholding in Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. was 40.1%.
The general manager of Shanshan Shares is Li Zhihua, born in 1968. He has served as the chairman of Dongguan Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and Deputy General Manager of Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd.
Shanshan Shares stated on the investor interaction platform on February 10 that there is no kinship relationship between the company's senior management and the actual controller of the company.
”Fund E account" is here: the SFC authorized the development of all funds under the investor's name to realize the collection and inquiry-Economic Watch-Professional financial news website
Chen Shan, a reporter for <url>, said that the complicated purchase channels of funds make it difficult to collect account information?
Always forget the "little vault”?
These problems of the CDU are about to be resolved.
On February 10th, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that the “Fund E Account” APP was launched in various mobile app stores and launched a public trial operation.
According to reports, the “Fund E account” provides individual investors with a “one-stop” query service for public fund account and share information, aiming to solve the pain points of the majority of small and medium-sized investors' forgotten accounts, cumbersome inquiries and other industry services.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there are 156 public fund managers in China, with a fund size of about 26 trillion yuan under management; 167 public fund share registration agencies and 411 public fund sales agencies.
The account systems of each share registration agency are independent of each other, and there is a lack of a unified inquiry channel for the industry.
Some industry sources said that at the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in our country, that is to say, half of the people in the country invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check the purchase status through different sales agencies, and through the “Fund E account”, they could check the purchase status of all sales channels, and the status of holding funds was clear at a glance.
What is the ”Fund E Account" APP?
According to relevant documents, the “Fund E Account” APP is a public fund industry portal mobile application developed and built by China Clearing with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. It can provide investors with a one-stop query on the OTC share holdings of public fund products in the whole market.
Through the “Fund E account”, investors can easily and quickly grasp the holdings of the OTC shares of the public fund products of each fund manager purchased through various sales channels in the market, and comprehensively improve the efficiency of inquiries.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the “Fund E Account” includes: fund account information opened at various public fund managers in the market, trading account information opened at public fund sales agencies, and OTC share holdings of products including publicly raised securities investment funds and collective asset management plans that are not limited to 200 investors established and managed by securities companies.
Liu Yiqian, head of the business of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation Research Center, told reporters from the Economic Observation Network that investors can learn about all their OTC public fund holdings through the “Fund E Account” App in one stop, helping them retrieve “forgotten assets”, and more importantly, for customers to achieve a comprehensive fund investment situation. The full account information is collected to help customers more timely, accurate and complete grasp of their own investment situation, so as to better optimize their own fund portfolio allocation and better plan their own financial arrangements.
How to register for use?
The reporter noticed that at present, the “Fund E Account” APP has been listed on mobile app stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo, etc., but the APP is still in the public trial operation stage. You need to fill in the invitation code to register. Investors can contact the fund manager of the fund they hold to obtain it.
The customer service staff of a large and medium-sized public equity fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to a reporter from <url>, and told the reporter, “During the trial operation of the APP, China Clearing provides each fund manager with a certain number of invitation codes. Investors call to get them, and we will provide them.
After the trial operation is over, the invitation code will not be used when the user registration is opened.
”
The reporter registered the account and completed the inquiry according to the relevant documents of the “Fund E Account” download and usage instructions published on the official website of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The whole process took only a few minutes and was mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, and public fund inquiry.
After passing the real-name authentication step, click the ”Assets" fund binding button. All fund products purchased by reporters through each fund sales platform are presented in the list of binding options (accounts can be bound). After the binding is completed, you can visually see the total assets of the invested fund and you can start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the "Fund E Account" only provides investors with inquiry services and cannot be used for redemption transactions.
The data date displayed in the “Fund E Account” is generally the date on which the user made the query (T day), which is pushed forward by three trading days.
For example, if the “Fund E Account” is opened on February 10, the corresponding date of total assets, fund shares, and fund equity displayed on the asset page is three trading days before that date, that is, February 7.
Copyright notice: The above content is the original work of the "Economic Observer", and the copyright belongs to the "Economic Observer".
Without the authorization of the "Economic Observer", reprinting or mirroring is strictly prohibited, otherwise the relevant actors will be investigated for legal responsibility in accordance with the law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
Reached a defense consensus with the United States, Japan and the Philippines against the CCP
ASIA-On February 9th, Philippine President Bongbong Marcus visited Japan for talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's encroachment on the South and East China Seas. The leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting saying that they will conduct substantive defense exchanges through the signing of a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to oppose the CCP's hegemonic policy.
According to Japanese media, Fumio Kishida hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies against the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcus visited China in early January this year and won an agreement worth 20 billion U.S. dollars.
But after that, not only did Sino-Philippine relations not improve, but they declined.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States, agreeing to open more bases to the United States military to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan and is also the closest location to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations at bases in the Philippines.
The Japanese media believe that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines are now forming an axis with the United States to build an “arc against the CCP” in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Xia Liyan, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, conveyed Song Tao's words during his visit: Welcome to Lvying to visit Lu under the 92nd Consensus
Xia Liyan, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang of China in Taiwan, met with Song Tao, director of the State Taiwan Office of China, and Wang Huning, Member of the Standing Committee of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China, during his visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior consultant of the National Government Foundation, the official organ of the Kuomintang, was interviewed by Taiwan's Central News Agency last night and positively commented on what Song Tao said to Xia Liyan. As long as he agrees with the “92 Consensus” and the anti-Taiwan independence, China welcomes people from the green camp to visit the mainland.
The Kuomintang evaluated it as a novelty.
This statement was not mentioned in the news of the day Xia Liyan met with Song Tao earlier.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party has clarified for days that it refuses to accept the “92 Consensus.”
According to the Central News Agency today, Xia Liyan, vice Chairman of the Kuomintang, led a delegation to visit Lu. During his stay in Beijing, he met with Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China, Song Tao, the new director of the State Taiwan Office, and Yin Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee.
Xia Liyan met with Song Tao and talked about the “92 Consensus” and anti-Taiwan independence as the political foundation of the Communist Party of China. Zhao Chunshan, a senior consultant of the Kuomintang National Government Foundation, said at the meeting that the Kuomintang's “92 Consensus” is the authentic “92 Consensus.”
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this is different from the previous meetings he participated in.
In the recent video discussion with the mainland academic community, and in this discussion, no Taiwan-related scholars were heard talking about martial arts and the "anti-secession law". Instead, exchanges and dialogues were resumed.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the cross-Strait war is dangerous, and mainland China hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the People's Republic of China and the Communist Party of China, the other party is still willing to do a good job of working with Taiwanese, which means that it does not want cross-Strait relations to be damaged.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally gave instructions to Song Tao to say, “You must implement the requirements made by them (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen).” If it cannot be resolved comprehensively, it must also be handled on a case-by-case basis.
The report did not mention whether the Kuomintang people's visit to the mainland mentioned in person the daily disturbance of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and warships, the agricultural and fishing issues in a few counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether reporters from the Central News Agency asked such questions in interviews.
French trade unions once again mobilized anti-government retirement reform plan parade
On Saturday (February 11), the French trade unions once again launched a national mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action against the social trend of the draft reform of the government's pension system.
And how many people respond to the call for the rally may affect the next action plan of the trade union group.
This is the fourth time in a month that the eight major French trade union groups have jointly launched a national mobilization, and it is also the first time that the protest has scheduled a rally on Saturday.
Given that for most French people, Saturday is a public holiday, they do not need to choose between participating in demonstrations and protests or strikes with wages deducted. Therefore, trade union groups hope that today's rally will attract more people to participate.
The labor unions of the bus system, the subway, and the public railway company did not call for employees to strike today. The bus system should be able to operate normally. Citizens can take a bus to the meeting place. At the same time, in areas where the school starts the winter vacation, people can leave for vacation normally.
Trade union groups hope that more than one million people will participate in the rally today, while the police expect that the number of participants across the country may be between 600,000 and 800,000, and 90,000 to 120,000 people may gather in urban Paris.
Since the beginning of the anti-government pension reform protests, although opinion polls have shown that most French people do not support the measure to postpone the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who actually took to the streets to participate in the march has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstration on January 31st gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of demonstrations on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and two million people across the country.
This pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
Opposition parties, especially the opposition group led by the Radical Left, have submitted countless amendments, so that the review process has been very slow.
And the debate between the dynasties and the opposition has become increasingly fierce and sharp.
A member of the radical left party, the French Non-surrender Party, recently posted a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the head of the Minister of Labor on social media, sparking protests from the ruling party.
The speaker of the National Assembly finally announced that the member of parliament was banned from participating in parliamentary activities for 15 days as a punishment for this behavior.
Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social trend in France in more than 20 years, so far, although the government has slightly adjusted the draft, it has not made any major concessions.
The trade union is ready to launch another action next Thursday, the 16th. On March 7, when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion, the trade union also plans to organize demonstrations.
China encourages raising the fertility rate to colleges and universities to urge high quality standards for sperm donation
The Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province, China, issued a publicity on the 9th to solicit sperm donations from those with a college degree or above or students in school. Successful donations of 8 to 12 times will receive a subsidy of RMB4,500.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message was hotly searched on Weibo that day, and triggered follow-up initiatives in many provinces and cities such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to a signed report by the Free Times, China encourages college students to donate sperm.
Among the sperm donation thresholds in colleges and universities around the world, Beijing has the highest threshold for sperm donation. In addition to academic qualifications, it also requires a height of more than 170 cm, correct facial features, no obvious hair loss, and no degree of myopia higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province pointed out that sperm donors can get a full set of andrology physical examinations worth 1,000 yuan, “especially semen and chromosome testing, most people have never done it before, which is of great significance to understanding their fertility status.”
The conditions for sperm donors include those who are over 165 cm tall, have a college degree or above or are studying, have no color blindness, weak color, liver B and other genetic diseases and infectious diseases.
The report quoted China Tianmu News as saying that the human sperm bank in Shaanxi Province printed a poster of “Paid sperm donation, unlimited glory“, calling on young people to respond to sperm donation, and encouraging netizens to forward relevant messages to ”let love pass."
The price code of Shaanxi Province is higher than that of Yunnan. Those who are qualified can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who complete a certain number of sperm donors can receive a subsidy of RMB5,000.
At present, the highest known price tag is Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last Communist prime minister of East Germany passed away today
The successor of the East German Communist Party reported in a statement from the party, “Last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
Therefore, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall, which separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modro said he would help turn East Germany into a democratic country.
At that time, the leaders of the Communist Party were forced to step down as protestors across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
After the Soviet Union came to power, Mikhail Gorbachev called for changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe.
In March 1990, Modro announced the first and only free election of the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election result caused him to no longer serve as prime minister.
Despite Modro's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to postpone the political changes and reunification that took place in October 1990.
He was also criticized for trying to reshape rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modero was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal election, but did not go to jail.
It is said that these allegations are politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modro continued to serve in the German Parliament and served as a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modro sees himself as a reformer and hopes to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said that East Germany's achievements should be recognized.
Modro was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader of the youth fire brigade and became a member of the Nazi militia Volkssturm near the end of the conflict, which conscripted men between the ages of 16 and 60 to participate in the final war struggle.
At the age of 17, Modro was captured by the Soviet army and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he took an anti-fascist course and became a staunch Communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he found a job as a mechanic after returning home, and continued to study social sciences and economics, and received a doctorate.
Modro was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement. Almost all young East German people joined the movement and were promoted to the chairman of the Dresden Regional Party through the ruling Social Unity Party (SED) from 1973 to 1989.
He also served in the parliament of East Germany for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modro became the de facto leader of East Germany and held the highest state post.
Hackers supporting protests in Iran to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution hacked the president's TV speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Lacey's television speech.
The president's live TV speech was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, and the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers appeared on the screen. Their name was “Edalat Ali (Ali Justice)”.
A voice also appeared shouting “Death to the Islamic Republic.”
According to a Reuters report today, hackers interrupted state television coverage in Iran to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution.
Iran officially commemorates the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution. Lacey's hard-line government faces the boldest challenge from young protestors demanding their ouster, but Lacey still calls on “deceived youth” to repent so that they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
After the 22-year-old Mahsa Amini died in the custody of the country's German police in September, nationwide protests swept across Iran.
The deadly suppression of protests by Iranian security forces is one of the most powerful challenges facing the Islamic Republic since the 1979 revolution overthrew the 2,500-year monarchy.
As part of an amnesty to commemorate the anniversary of the revolution, the Iranian authorities released imprisoned dissidents Farhad Mesami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha who were on hunger strike on Friday.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatullah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty order, including some prisoners arrested in the recent anti-government protests.
According to a report by the human rights organization HRANA, as of Friday, 528 protestors had been killed, including 71 minors.
The report said that 70 government security personnel were also killed.
It is believed that as many as 19,763 protestors were arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have been calling for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On the evening of the anniversary of the Iranian revolution on Friday night, state media showed fireworks as part of a government-sponsored celebration, and people chanted “Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!)”.
However, many people could also be heard shouting “Death to the dictator!" during the rally.
“And ”The death of the Islamic Republic" in a video posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live videos of official gatherings in various states across the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebration, domestically-made anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed.
President Lacey's speeches are often interrupted by the slogan ”Death to America"-an iconic slogan at state gatherings.
The crowd also chanted “Death to Israel.”
Reuters said Adelkhah, who has been in jail since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, which is a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison on national security charges in 2020.
They later put her under house arrest at home, but she returned to prison in January.
Adelkhah denied these allegations.
A week before Mesami was released, supporters warned that he was at risk of death due to a hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the compulsory wearing of headscarves.
The French Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday, calling for her freedom to be restored, “including that she should be allowed to return to France if she wishes."
”
Does the balloon incident polish American eyes more?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report by The Wall Street Journal today, the United States is preparing to further tighten technology exports to China after the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials said that the above-mentioned balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and will seek more political support for strengthening the protection of U.S. technology.
The United States said the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence collection and communication.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works for the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank.
“This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the views of hardliners against China.”
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, “We will also consider taking broader actions to expose and respond to China's larger surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and our allies and partners.
"U.S. officials said that they have notified the governments of more than 30 countries of the above-mentioned balloon incidents, and international coordination is essential to deal with the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior researcher at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Ad Hoc Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Communist Party of China in the U.S. House of Representatives may also pressure the United States to take tougher measures to slow down China's development.
She said that members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn may force the White House to adopt a tougher policy.
According to The Wall Street Journal, many people who advocate stricter export controls are also pushing to expand the scope of controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government is also already formulating an outbound investment review plan to examine whether there is a potential national security threat from China in U.S. overseas investment.
Analysts said the White House may face calls for a faster launch of the plan.
Earthquake relief in Turkey and Syria day and night
Since the strong earthquake in Turkey and neighboring Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked hard around the clock in the ruins of thousands of earthquake-damaged buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.
In the icy temperature, they often call for silence, because they desperately want to hear any sound of life from the dilapidated concrete pile.
According to a Reuters report today, two more women were rescued a few days after surviving the ruins of the earthquake.
However, the death toll from the earthquake climbed to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey is 20,665, and the death toll in Syria is more than 3,500.
The magnitude 7.8 earthquake that occurred on Monday continued to have several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria. It was the seventh deadliest natural disaster of this century, surpassing the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan, and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similar strong earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Turkish authorities said on Saturday that two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years. Rescuers rescued the two women from the ruins of a collapsed building in Turkey.
Another injured 55-year-old man was identified as Masallah Cicek, who was rescued from the ruins of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, the largest city in southeast Turkey.
In the icy temperature, rescuers often call for silence because they desperately want to hear any sound of life from the dilapidated concrete pile.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers squatted under concrete slabs and whispered “Inshallah”-“God bless”-they cautiously stretched their hands into the ruins and rescued a 10-day-old newborn.
He opened his eyes wide, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video images show that the first responders also took away his mother, who was dizzy and pale on the stretcher, but conscious.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that in the past 24 hours, 67 people were rescued from the ruins, and a total of 31,000 rescuers were used in the affected areas.
He said that about 80,000 people were receiving treatment in hospitals, while 1.05 million people were homeless due to the earthquake and they were huddled in temporary shelters.
As many people lack food in the cold winter conditions, people are increasingly questioning the response of the leaders of the two countries to disaster relief.
According to Syrian state media, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his wife Asma went to a hospital in Aleppo. It was reported that this was the first time he had traveled to the affected area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said that due to the state of war complicating relief efforts, its stocks in rebel-controlled northwestern Syria are about to run out.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adyaman province, and he admitted that the government's response did not reach the expected speed.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who will run for re-election in a vote held on May 14, but may be postponed due to the disaster.
Reuters said that anger over the delay in providing assistance and starting rescue efforts may affect the election.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as Erdogan's most serious challenge in his two decades in power.
Eldoan called for unity and condemned what he called “a negative campaign for political gain.”
Kemal Kilidaroglu, the leader of Turkey's main opposition party, criticized the government's response.
The criticism said, “The earthquake is very big, but what is more serious than the earthquake is the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence.
”
Vietnam News Agency Hanoi-Vietnam News Agency special reporters reported that during his visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife of the Vietnamese Government visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, referred to as “University of Brunei”).
The University of Brunei is the largest center of higher education and scientific research in Brunei, and ranks third in the rankings of universities in the region.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of Vietnam and Brunei's cooperation in education and training.
The University of Brunei officially established a cooperative relationship with FPT University in Vietnam in July 2013. The main area of cooperation is English training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, moral education, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei also incorporates Vietnamese into its teaching curriculum.
During a visit to the University of Brunei, the Prime Minister of the Vietnamese Government, Fan Mingzheng, and his wife had an exchange with the students of the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng is pleased that more and more foreigners like to learn Vietnamese, and in turn has made positive contributions to the promotion of Vietnamese cultural characteristics and customs to all parts of the world.
The Prime minister of the Government, Fan Mingzheng, expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teachers at the University of Brunei will become stronger and stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class will become more and more interested in Vietnamese, study hard, and be able to use fluent Vietnamese as soon as possible, and become the messenger of friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng also communicated via video with Vietnamese students who are studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang City to learn about their learning, especially during the epidemic.
Government Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng believes that the cooperative relationship between Vietnam's FPT University and the University of Brunei, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the educational cooperative relationship between Vietnam and Brunei.
At the same time, I hope that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and China.
During the discussion with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng highly praised the results achieved by the two countries in educational cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, and the University of Brunei's initiative to include Vietnamese in the teaching curriculum.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng hopes that the University of Brunei will continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese teaching and further expand the scale of Vietnamese classes.
The Prime minister of the Vietnamese Government, Fan Mingzheng, also highly praised the positive results achieved by the cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the Memorandum of Understanding on Educational Cooperation signed in April 2014; it is recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training projects, such as: Global Discovery Programme, Discovery Year, etc.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng highly appreciates the establishment of the University of Brunei in Vietnam as its first branch in Southeast Asia; believes that the university's development in the region and the world is becoming stronger and stronger; and further expands its cooperative relations with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife planted a memorial tree on the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message in the memorial book.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng wishes the University of Brunei to continue to move forward, contribute more and more to Brunei's education cause, and carry out deeper and broader cooperation with various educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(End)
Vietnam News Agency
Vietnam News Agency Hanoi-Vietnam News Agency special reporters reported that the official visits of Vietnamese Government Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife to Singapore and Brunei have been a complete success, and have achieved comprehensive, pragmatic and concrete results.
Within three days of visiting Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The results achieved have injected new impetus into promoting the development of the Vietnam-Singapore strategic partnership and the Vietnam-China comprehensive partnership in a deeper, broader and effective direction.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng continued to reiterate the external line of the Vietnamese party and country, namely independence, diversification, and variety. He is willing to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of their respective countries. They are committed to enhancing the well-being of their people and to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and peace talks, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through the exchange of visits by high-level delegations, the effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements. Mutual trust.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the "Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership" signed with Singapore and the "Action Plan for Strengthening the Vietnamese-Chinese Comprehensive Partnership in the 2023-2027 Phase" signed with Brunei are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed the "Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership".
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During meetings with business leaders, seminars or attending economic forums, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates convenient conditions for Singapore and Brunei companies to expand their investment in Vietnam's digital transformation, green energy, high-tech, innovation and creativity.
This visit will not only help deepen the cooperative relations between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and civil exchanges, but also create a framework for cooperation between countries in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
Brunei's King Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter a bilateral symposium.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese community.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng suggested that the authorities of the two countries pay more attention and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society and cultivate relations between the two countries.
The proposal has been agreed and supported by the leaders of the two countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain unity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's central role in the context of the complex and changeable regional and international situation.
Relying on the important results achieved, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng's official visit to Singapore and Brunei is to effectively implement the 13th National Congress of the Vietcong to strengthen relations with ASEAN neighbors as a priority external route, and effectively implement the Conclusion No. 12 (12-KL/TW) of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Vietcong on the work of Overseas Chinese affairs in Vietnam under the new situation, and to exert the strength of national unity and make positive contributions.
(End)
What exactly was the “object" that was shot down over Alaska?
Bewildered, speculations have followed
The U.S. military once again used the F-22, the most advanced stealth jet fighter in the United States, to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska in the afternoon of Friday (February 10).
The location of the shooting down was ten miles from the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time the US military has shot down a flying object in the air in less than a week.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was destroyed in the sky near the coast of South Carolina after drifting in U.S. airspace for several days.
The Pentagon said the second downed object entered U.S. airspace for the first time on Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeast Alaska. It flew at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet) and was about the size of a small car. It is much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no indication that this object is maneuverable.
John Kirby, the strategic communication coordinator of the White House National Security Council, said on Friday that although the specific appearance of the object flying at high altitude is not yet clear, it “poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civil aviation aircraft.”
Kobe said that this object is different from the spy balloon found in the United States, and there is no “payload” hanging on it.
Kobe said, “We call it an ‘object’ is the best description we can currently make.”
President Biden listened to the advice of the Pentagon before ordering the shooting down of the object. He made this decision “very cautiously,” Kobe added.
The official U.S. description of this object can be roughly summarized as: the size is equivalent to a small car, there is no joystick, no suspension device, and the flight altitude is about 10,000 meters.
But this information still cannot answer basic questions, such as what exactly is this object, which country it belongs to, and what tasks it is performing.
At present, many analyses and speculations on the Internet believe that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It may be the same as the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that fluttered over Latin America. They came from China and performed certain missions in different locations.
Some people also associate this “object” in Alaska with “unidentified flying objects” (UFOs).
The U.S. Newsweek report quoted former U.S. Congressman Peter Meijer as saying in a tweet on Twitter on Friday, “I really hope this 'UFO’ is also a spy balloon, not a legal UFO."
“The irony of conflating an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth sparking an interstellar conflict,” Major said.
Major sent this tweet shortly after Kobe confirmed that the object in Alaska was shot down.
Newsweek said that Major was not the only one who suspected that the object was a UFO.
Representative Tim Burchett, Republican of Tennessee, criticized the government's cover-up of intelligence last month and asked the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on “UFOs.”
Amazon's customer service attitude makes me hard to believe
It is estimated that few people have seen this place, but I also want to talk about it a little bit.
This dress was a zipper hoodie when we bought it, and it was a short-sleeved one that was given to me in the end.
Immediately after receiving the clothes, I contacted Amazon customer service. At that time, I confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I asked for a replacement. The customer service said to solve it, and then immediately saw that the product name changed to short-sleeved. The original link I bought was removed from the shelves.
Then the customer service informs that either the goods will be retained to compensate for a certain amount, or the goods will be returned.
Is this how Amazon handles it?
It's really unbelievable. It's not my problem that the clothes are wrong. As a consumer, I asked for the goods I should get. I didn't make any exaggerated requests, but Amazon changed its name and said it was out of stock.
This is my first long review, I hope this is not my last one.
Incomprehensible sleeves
It is said that it is cowhide, which is indeed relatively hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks in the part, and it is not clear whether it is leather. In addition, the sleeves of this dress are really incomprehensible. Usually the sleeves of the jacket are longer than the clothes, but usually it is only 1-2 cm. This dress is 5 cm long, and the arms naturally droop. It should be in the palm of the tiger's mouth, but the sleeves of this dress cover the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes, and it's easy to return them.
But I really don't know when to refund the money?
The workmanship of the clothes is good, because the version is too small, I have to return the goods, but after the goods are returned, more than a week has passed, and I haven't received a refund yet?
And the purchaser has to contact Quanfeng Express, which is not very honest. This is the worst shopping since I bought Amazon items!
But the store is still good, and it actively cooperates to urge the courier to refund in time, but the real work of Quanfeng Express is quite irritating, and it takes about half a month for the refund to be made. This kind of partner has to drag Amazon's back legs, poor work efficiency, and no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
Killed in 99 seconds.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the woolen pants are all good, soft/moderate thickness, and there is no smell of kerosene.
Unfortunately, the version is thin and more suitable for young people.
3XL, flat waist circumference 2 feet 5, stretch the maximum size 4 feet, 1.79/80 kg, the waist is a bit tight.
It seems that there is no elastic band around the waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen the waist circumference.
In addition, it is uncomfortable to wear close-fitting.
Very good, the color is not very bright
It rose by more than two hundred as soon as I bought it. What's the situation?
For the first time, Amazon used the cooperative Tiantian Rotten express. The first delivery was not at home. Later, I took the initiative to make two delivery appointments with the courier. The courier did not deliver it. Later, he returned it directly to me. This damn courier has no integrity at all. It is strongly recommended not to use that Tiantian Rotten express anymore.
This time, another T-shirt was also returned to me, and the price increased by more than one hundred yuan for another shot.
Amazon self-operated products should not appear like this
When the product is on special offer, the price is not low, and it is also a very good product to read the reviews.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was worn out in a large area, and there were wear and tear in many other places. It was either a defective product or an old product. The picture above will be shown later.
I applied for a return. After seeing the picture, the manufacturer said it was caused by transportation. Isn't this nonsense?
How can the inside of the product be worn out?
There are only two possibilities, either defective and old products, or I deliberately damaged the goods and returned them.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence that I did not damage the goods, but based on my credit history of shopping on Amazon, I believe that such goods should not appear in Amazon's own products. Customers choose Amazon's own products to be trusted, customer win, we win, the victory of the customer is the victory of the manufacturer, I hope everyone will work hard to improve, thank you.
I have been using this product for less than a year and two E2s have appeared. I don't know what to do with it?
I purchased this product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, the two groups on the right side of the receiver often appeared with red E2. It should be that there is a problem with the transmitter module. This is not consistent with the sustainable work of the transmitter module on the Amazon website for 7 years, right? I can't find the after-sales service on the Amazon website. I don't know what's good now?
Ok
The first purchase is bad.
It doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn, and the label on the fuselage was also broken.
And it's always a white screen.
It will be fine after the change.
The exchange is very rapid, it is a bit blurred at night, and the viewing angle is not very wide, but it is enough for ordinary households.
The disadvantage is that I don't have a card, I bought it myself, and I have bought a mobile phone on Amazon before.
There will be stickers on the packaging to prevent the packaging from being opened. This time there is no. When buying a mobile phone, there is also a sticker-like chapter that can be affixed to the warranty card. This time there is no.
I don't know if it's cheaper or not, I'm very confused.
Waiting for the supplier's reply
The package does not have any logo. I called the supplier directly and said that the answer is that it is genuine without the logo. If I suspect that the scrap can be mailed to Johnson & Johnson for inspection, I will leave the license plate number and phone number, and promise to send a text message to notify me to enter my information into the warranty card on Johnson & Johnson's official website. Haven't you received a text message yet?
I received the engine oil in the morning and replaced it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own products are still very reassuring.
The oil changer said that the oil is clear and it is indeed good oil.
Because it was the second purchase.
So I'm still very relieved.
The express delivery is fast, and the packaging is not picky. After using this oil, the sound of the engine drops significantly.
The price is good, and it is difficult to find synthetic engine oil below two hundred.
Support star crown, support winning brand, and effectively protect the car.
Amazon Japan caused serious damage to the interests of buyers due to customer service problems (8c caterpillars are shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
Admit mistakes, but have been prevaricating, always emphasizing that the goods are third parties and cannot restrain third parties.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
The page size options I purchased at the beginning were 7c, 8, and 9c. At that time, I thought this was a trap. I called the Japanese-Asian Chinese customer service and made it clear that 8 was 8c, but when the product returned to China, I found that it was only 8cm. I think this is a completely deliberate trap to pit the Chinese (according to Amazon's after-sales service), now there is no such option on the viewing page.
Chinese customer service: I'm sorry, I caused you a loss, we will give you two ways to go：
1. If you return the product, the buyer will bear all the shipping costs.
2. If you do not return the goods, we will compensate you 1,000 yen.
(Let me calculate the account. The shoes are more than 4,000 yen, which is counted as 200rmb. Choose 1. I don't have shoes and the loss is 200 yuan.
Option 2. I have shoes. In the end, I was compensated 2,000 yen. In the end, the loss was 150rmb. Customer service: We have recorded it and we will deal with it seriously. The next day, I returned an email saying that I did not accept the mediation of the Chinese customer service. That's it.
I proposed: When the purchase page was a confusing option like 7c, 8, and 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me talk about the fact that the commonly used codes in Japan will not bring c, similar to 140, but do you have to go to other caterpillar pages to see it?
There are both U.S. and Japanese codes with mixed labels.
Besides, why do you put 8cm in the middle of 7c and 9c? Obviously the smallest size, what do you mean by putting it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese service, but we don't know that you are going to ship back to China, so we will not make a claim for your freight.
I don't understand this logic anymore. I'm Japanese. I also need Chinese customer service. Chinese people living in Japan don't need Chinese customer service. Tourists to Japan don't have the time to make international long-distance calls. Then the question is, who needs to call Amazon overseas to buy Chinese calls? It's nothing more than a Japanese amoy like me.
Isn't Amazon's Chinese customer service just convenient for these people in Haitao?
Not very satisfied with this purchase
This is the second time I bought Pampers diapers from Amazon. I once bought a box of diapers when my baby was 2 months old. I chose diapers imported from Europe. The first purchase experience was more satisfactory. The baby used one diaper all night, which can indeed satisfy 12 hours without changing diapers.
But this time I bought L-size diapers. There are 2 packs in a box. After opening it, I felt that the paper was loose. There is a clear difference between the two Pampers. After using it for the baby, it's okay. There is no leakage of urine and no signs of rash.
But when it came to the second pack of diapers, the baby's inner thighs immediately developed a rash after starting to use it, and it has not faded yet.
I suspect that the quality of the 2 packs in 1 box is still different.
I shouldn't continue to buy in the future!
Hope to pay attention to the transportation protection of packages
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen since I have been online shopping for so long. There are no protective measures, cushioning foam, wrapping buffer layer materials, etc., nothing.
Just a deformed box.
Moreover, the soft plastic boxes inside are packed, and the card boxes are pressed open until they are deformed.
I hope the quality of the authentic products is guaranteed, and I won't dare to buy things on Amazon in the future.
I would rather be half as expensive in China, with a guarantee point.
Moreover, regarding the packaging of commodity products, I have seen comments from people in 2016, and it has been the same for 19 years now.
It shows that Amazon doesn't pay attention to service feedback at all, and it is too far from domestic <url>, Tmall, etc.
It looks good, but it's a bit of a pity
The color of the whole cup is my favorite, orange-red. Although my family is a male treasure, I still think orange-red and yellow are very eye-catching.
It's smaller than I thought, but it was originally used to take it out, so it's acceptable.
I took it home and tried it last night. After the bottle cap was pushed away, the distance between the straw and the lid was too close. Because the position of the straw is forward and vertical, my son always has to hold the bulge on the lid to drink water. I wonder if this place can be improved.
It seems that other brands of straw cups make sense to tilt the straw. Children's things really care about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large capacity
I like that it is lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments are a bit redundant to me, and I don't feel like I know what to pack.
After buying it, I found that there is another brand very similar to Meiya purchased overseas, which is less than two hundred yuan.
Fakes, fakes are very powerful
Amazon sells fakes, and I also took it.
The customer service said that it couldn't be returned because it was used. I didn't know how to know it was a fake.
Because of trust, I'm sad. After all, it's a face-wiping product. Really go to a physical store and buy it. It's more expensive.
Because it was a spike, I didn't read the comments. I have submitted it to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let's defend our rights together.
Broken?
Fake?
In short, tragedy.
When I used the second tablet, I chose the pores that were fine, but when I opened it, there was a strange smell. I thought it was normal, because I hadn't used this one before, and then I couldn't stand it when I put it on my face. It was very pungent and indescribable. I coughed out immediately after I smoked, my eyes hurt, and I shed tears. I immediately took it off and washed my face.
Unbelieving evil opened another piece of the same style, it doesn't have that heavy taste anymore, and it is now being applied.
In retrospect, it smells a bit like inferior perm water in a hair salon.
I really can't imagine that Amazon's self-operated skin care products have to be avoided from now on?
Profiteer
When I bought it at that time, the event page said that the “Complete Works of the Three Bodies” would be given away for 99 yuan or more. There was no such gift when I received the goods. I called customer service and said that I wanted to show them the screenshots of the event at that time. The question is who buys the goods and saves the screenshots of the Web page. For the activities you have done yourself, you still need customers to help you provide it. Buyers should keep an eye on it next time and save the evidence.
Feel after use
The first time I bought something on Amazon, I felt a few points separately. Let's talk about the feeling of running out of goods first. The first is indeed painless and there is no irritating taste. Overall, it is very good. Wait for about 8 minutes and wipe it off. It's just that there will be a small amount of hair residue on it. If you don't take a closer look, you can't see it, so it's generally good. As for using it once after that, you have to continue to observe and you will only know if you continue to use it.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
Second, I placed an order on the 27th and received the goods on the 12th. A total of 15 days is half a month. Amazon's delivery staff has a good service attitude.
Third, don't believe Amazon's Black Friday. If you place an order on Friday, it will be nearly 12 yuan cheaper after waiting for 2 days. That is, I bought it for more than 170 (plus shipping or something). There is a feeling of raising the price when you engage in activities.
What did the customer service say about price fluctuations? I have been paying attention to the price for more than 10 days, and the price is like this, and the fluctuation is not large.
Affordable price, Japanese origin, with Chinese label, with particles, absolutely repurchased!
The cream has particles in it, the freshness is just right, and the teeth are smooth after use. It is much stronger than a second-hand product. It is said that it is imported, but many things do not have Chinese labels, so I don't know where they are wholesale.
In the future, as long as Amazon has it, I will never go to the second-hand east again.
Give me a suggestion. Why can't I post orders on Amazon's app sometimes? I hope I can improve some applications and I will do better and better!
"Over the years, it has gotten worse and worse, and there is no quality of service at all!
Garbage, regardless of customer needs, when placing an order, the special delivery time is 19:00-22:00.
Because there are elderly people who are inconvenient to be in bed after surgery at home, it is only convenient to receive them at night.
As a result, it was delivered directly to the door at 12 noon without calling in advance.
If the delivery time is what your courier wants to deliver as soon as he wants, why bother to pretend to get a time for the customer to choose?
If your own logistics can't guarantee service, then don't be an e-commerce company at all!
Let an old man with 3 wounds on his body get out of bed and open the door to receive the courier, and he has to find change to pay!
Obviously there is a contact number on the order!
From the beginning to the end, no one called to give an explanation!
Zhuoyue's so-called complaint customer service is a group of outsiders pretending to be there, perfunctory your complaint and then giving you a so-called reply.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I also encountered a similar problem with the wrong delivery time before, so I endured it, but this time I couldn't bear it, it was too much!
After the pre-sale of the new book arrived, the cover and back cover were reversed. This was an obvious quality problem. Did you close your eyes and send the book to the customer?
No one will contact you if you leave a bad review.
"Over the years, it has gotten worse and worse, and there is no quality of service at all!
No more spending a dime on excellence.
The picture quality is really unacceptable
As the title of "Ancient Atlas”, this book is really unacceptable in the selection, layout, and printing of pictures. Some pictures even have mosaics, which are too blurred to be recognized.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small-format illustration, it should be worthy of the medieval literature left by the ancestors in the catalog!
(Besides, many pictures can be obtained from related industry resources with clear original documents). What is the difference between using such pictures to piece together books and not using pictures?
！I regret this kind of academic spirit.
There is no evaluation in terms of writing, and the Fang family has their own differences.
Overall 2 stars.
I read this book in my sophomore year of high school. At that time, I was just holding the mentality of being bored and playing. I felt that I shouldn't be addicted to such a book. After all, my online articles were still not very attractive to me in the past.
then...It fell into the pit.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively relaxed and enjoyable. When Ye Xiu was still in the online game, even if it was a conspiracy between guilds, it was not heavy at all because it was often bloody by Ye Shen. .
As for the part of the game, I wrote a little bit of sadness about the changes of the times, the exchange of old and new (maybe it's my sentimentality).
Reading the whole book took me a lot of study time in my sophomore year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.
The full-time description of the characters and emotional lines is very amazing. Some characters are only brought occasionally, and they will leave a deep impact on people. For example, the more focused characters Ye Xiu, Huang Shaotian, Su Mucheng have a large number of fans, and the characters who are not in the center of the writing, such as Jiang Botao, Chu Yunxiu, etc., are also very popular. In an e-sports article, people can't find a character that is extremely annoying. This is the success of full-time character writing.
On the emotional line, there is no such thing as the 30 million harem beauties that are criticized by ordinary online articles. They are either beautiful or corrupt. The common thing about all people's feelings is that they like the game of glory, and most of them want to win in a dignified manner.
There are small calculations but there is no big conspiracy. Everyone looks so simple and cute.
This may be why there are no annoying roles full-time.
The full-time IP is very large, and it is also due to this.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online literature, this is a good book.
How much he will really provide people with some blood and a little touch.
It will be animated full-time in April this year.
In fact, I have wanted to buy this set of books for a long time. Because my wallet is not thick enough, I didn't bother to do it. Then when I wanted to buy it, I found that fakes are rampant on the market. In fact, I recently published another version. I like the cover picture. , But I still plan to buy the old version first, so I took a look at it on Amazon and bought a set at once.
Next, let's briefly talk about the situation of the goods.
●There is no plastic seal for the fourth book, but the book is new.
●The seventeenth plastic seal was opened in China, and the texture of the book is also very strange. It feels no harder than the others.
●The 23rd book is the same as the seventeenth book, but it is harder than the seventeenth book, but it is very old.
●The publishing houses of individual books are different. It seems that the 23rd and 17th are the same publishing house, which is different from the others.
●Overall, it is quite satisfactory, 24 large boxes, very satisfied.
Lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as "The Lost Corner", but there were still a lot of words!
I read it three times before I finished reading this book to the children, a little lion who can shoot, and a little lion who loves fruit juice and candy.
When I saw the episode of the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urbanites can't accept the arrangement of being eaten by animals.
Seeing the end, this little lion who has succeeded in human society has lost himself. He is no longer a complete lion, nor is he a complete human being.
In the end, there was only the back of the little lion, and I didn't know where he had gone.
It may be many years later that the image of this little lion will still be in the impression of the grown-up children, and it may be remembered inadvertently one day, which may touch or inspire her.
A very cost-effective portfolio
1. I DIDN'T KNOW TASCHEN BEFORE. I BOUGHT A LOT OF THEIR BOOKS RECENTLY. The REASON IS THAT IT IS TOO POWERFUL, WHETHER IT IS THE TOPIC SELECTION OR THE PRODUCTION ITSELF.
There have been three versions of this work. The largest version, like the complete works of Michelangelo, is close to 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest, and it is equipped with a book box of two book editions.
Personally, I think it's acceptable. First, the price is cheap, and the more than 700 pages are divided into two books, which are better to read as a paperback; second, it is different from the complete works of Michelangelo, the paintings account for the main body, and Leonardo Da Vinci's black and white manuscript accounts for most of it. For non-art professional readers with a limited budget, this edition is the most cost-effective for appreciating paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanation of the painting part is great. There are composition analysis, draft analysis, and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don't know if it is the printing or the size of the book. Some of the shaded parts are too deep to see the details clearly. It's a pity.
3. Compared with Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer in content.
The former is already a genius, while the latter is so extensive and accomplished that it is not enough to describe as a genius.
If you only looked at the paintings before and could only experience half of Leonardo Da Vinci, you would be completely speechless after reading the manuscript.
Garbage, whoever buys it regrets it!
I never give bad reviews. This is really rubbish. It's a waste of money to buy it. Give me a reason!
1.The time to leave was not allowed, and it suddenly became January 1st, and the time returned to zero.
2.The inferior belts are not silicone, and the wrists are allergic and blistering.
3.Often can't connect to the phone.
4.The battery life is only five days.
5.The sleep test does not show, the time is 0.
6.Not waterproof.
7.other.
Logistics is too slow
It shows that it arrived on October 16th, but the result was only received on the 21st. Bad review!
The express delivery is too bad, and shopping on Amazon is already slow, but I didn't expect it to be so slow!
Overall satisfaction
I was worried about the packaging of the camera at the beginning. This time it was okay. There is an inflatable bag inside. The camera has the same three yards. It can also be registered on the official website. The number of shutters is 0. The rest can only wait for time to check.
The delivery speed is quite fast. I'm here to complain about the courier brother. The valuable items are placed in the concierge and they are leaving quickly. I can't open the box in front of him for inspection. I'm really speechless about this.
The merchant did it for the sake of the customer before shipping:)
The merchant is more responsible, and he specifically called to ask about the screen size of the camera used, which is indeed for the sake of the customer.
The delivery speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also very suitable and useful to stick to.
Dissatisfied with battery charging
The machine is really good. I want to ask why it has not been charged since the first time it was charged. The charging indicator light has been red.
Currently, Amazon's official feedback channel cannot be found, so it can only be fed back in the product evaluation.
1. On March 29th, I used 31 yuan to purchase the book through the pre-order channel, which showed that it would be pushed to the device on March 31st. At this time, the book cannot be previewed on Amazon's official website (because it has not yet been released)；
2. The content of the book pushed to the device on March 31st is blank, so stay tuned, and the price of the electronic version of the book on Amazon has been reduced to 18 yuan.；
3. In the past two days, I have repeatedly tried to delete the blank book downloaded on the device and synchronize it again. I have been unable to obtain the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" containing the actual content, but I can already preview the book on Amazon's official website.
I have a few thoughts at the moment
1. The issue of price is actually not the most important. The key is how to replace blank books on kindle with books with actual content, rather than downloading them forever“ "Stay tuned”
2. The pre-ordered book should not be bought again in the future. After all, in case the ticket is skipped and another book with empty content is downloaded, the procedures seem very complicated.；
3. I hope Amazon will give a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When you have doubts about the download or use of e-books, you can have local feedback (work orders and online customer service are available, you can refer to the official Microsoft store how to do it)
Not very recommended to read
I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see it. Write some post-reading feelings based on memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as a collection of fragments of love in life.
The tone of this book is extremely plain, the kind of plain water-like plainness, the pursuit of simplicity in sentence-making to the extreme, and the plot is as silent and plain as the street on a summer afternoon.
Every short story is a silhouette of a short period of time in ordinary life, with no beginning and no ending.
Finally collected together, the title is "What are we talking about when we talk about Love".
I think this collection of novels, and its title, is like a kind of performance art. What the author wants to express is that love is not just the joys and sorrows on the stage, the sea in urban legends is dry and rocky, and it is not just you and me. Love is not only the above and should not be represented by the above, love is also a dull life, boring day after day, there is also a loss of life, an escape from reality, and a loss of the future.
When reading this book, you may recall in your mind the quarreling couple next to you, the boring marriage of someone you know, and the unhappy feelings.
This is why I don't recommend reading. From an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of this book are boring. Unless your life is stormy or as sweet as living in a candy castle, you have to read it. The feeling is not surprising and boring.
In terms of depth of thought, the daily plot does not brighten people's eyes or expand a person's thinking and vision (this is different from Marquez's "Love in the Time of Cholera"), and the short fragments do not explore any questions, such as what kind of mistakes caused the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book. It doesn't make much sense to read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed more through technique and genre than the storyline, which is also the reason for the poor reading experience of this book.
Suitable for rough reading, not a closer look.
The logic of this book is very good, but the content is not full enough.
It explains what and why many sales theories are, but it is very weak in terms of what to do. It only points out the direction but does not give specific practices.
In addition, this book feels like it is pieced together.
For example, there are both domestic and foreign; there are both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and well-known and unknown people.
I don't know if it is a story compiled for example. It would be more convincing to cite some cases experienced by the author.
The title of customer or customer has changed.
The title is still the customer, and the text becomes the customer.
There are also typos, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering in the e-book.
In short, this book is a good choice as an introduction to theory, but it is not suitable for people who are already engaged in sales and want to improve their sales level.
A quick guide to Internet Finance
This book is very shallow. It can be said that it is just an introductory course. It can help everyone quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but to gain an in-depth understanding, you still have to follow the map and dig deep by yourself.
Moreover, the book was written earlier, and the content of the later Alipay WeChat subsidy war to cultivate user habits has not been mentioned. I am afraid that the share of third-party payment is no longer as small as the proportion mentioned in the book.
Nowadays, many people just bring a mobile phone when they go out to eat, and merchants have also abandoned Unionpay because of the high bank turnover.
But I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It can be seen that the author has at least many years of financial observation experience and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so he can write such easy-to-understand content.
It's easy to write tall and empty, but the difficulty is that it's easy to understand.
I appreciate you and want you to know more!
The first element that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the level of salary, but whether he has received enough attention and appreciation at work.
According to Maslow's hierarchical theory of needs, after people's basic survival needs are met, the most urgent thing is the satisfaction of psychological needs-the hope of being understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for Chinese people, most of them are “it's hard to open your heart to love you”, even if you have love, gratitude and appreciation, you will not say it silently in your heart.
In this book, the author expounds five languages of appreciation: affirmative words, careful moments, acts of service, satisfactory gifts, and physical contact.
I think it is important not that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use these five languages from the bottom of your heart anytime, anywhere to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether it is family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the more intimate people are, the more they need to be appreciated and grateful, so that our lives will become better.
Learn to appreciate that companies can also retain talents to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thank you to the translator for bringing us wonderful foreign ideas and the world.
Due to the cultural background of China and the West, there will be more or less differences between languages. If you have the opportunity to see the author's original version, I believe you will gain more.
Thank you again for the hard work of the authors, translators and editors!
Suspected of being counterfeit goods, please strictly review by Amazon
The quality is super poor, the packaging is loose, there is no weight, and it is not even as good as the products at roadside stalls. There is no gram weight, no barcode, and the ten-bag packaging is also loose and is not a characteristic of qualified products at all; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon and has been applied for a return; it is completely a quality problem; it is recommended that merchants polish their eyes and refuse inferior goods; Supplement: I bought another heart seal, 23 yuan/10 rolls in the supermarket, and added a few comparative photos to further verify the product's shoddy and shoddy, in order to give consumers a clearer reference and avoid economic losses and further unhappiness!
I once again expect Amazon to be meticulous and strictly control the source of goods.
So-so products, there is a gap with expectations
advantages：
1. Big brands, cheap prices.
Advantage 2: The MOTOR AND BLADE ARE GUARANTEED BY PANASONIC, AND IT IS OK TO USE, BUT THERE IS A GAP WITH MY EXPECTATIONS.
Disadvantages：
1. THERE IS NO INDICATOR LIGHT FOR CHARGING. THE MOST BASIC POWER INDICATION FOR YOU HAS BEEN SAVED. IT IS ESTIMATED THAT CUSTOMERS WHO PURCHASE 300 YUAN PRODUCTS ARE ALSO ALMS AND DISRESPECT IN THE EYES OF PANASONIC.
2. There is a strong odor when charging, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of plastic burning.
The office tried it for one day, and the whole room smelled of plastic.
Compared with the PHILIPS PHILIPS of the same price I have used before, although there is an extra cutter head, the quality of Panasonic's product is really sorry for consumers.
Small package
As soon as I received the express delivery, I saw that the e-commerce version was written on it, and I knew that it had fallen into the pit again. It was much smaller than the one bought in the supermarket. It should be M. It is different from the picture packaging on the product introduction. The so-called new version.
The three stars are to blame for being sloppy and not seeing the product specifications clearly. I have no problem with you selling the M-code e-commerce version. What does it mean that your goods are not in the right version?
E-commerce has a deep routine, so I went to the supermarket to buy it when I had time.
Just sauce purple.
I don't like the taste
Children don't like the taste of toothpaste very much. They say it's spicy every time. Maybe it's more appropriate to use other words to describe it. This is the only word in the child's thesaurus for the time being.
I bought it when I was engaged in activities, it was very cheap, so I'm sorry to give a bad review, four stars, but I won't buy it anymore.
Genuine yo, well packaged
The packaging is very complete, with an inflatable bag added inside, and there are no online reviews, only the appearance of a bare product.
There is also a layer of plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle, as described in the picture, and the express delivery is also very fast, and it will come the next day after the photo is taken.
It's genuine, but it's out of stock, so I don't know when it will be on the shelves again.
A terrible shopping experience
The order was placed during the Black Friday, but I waited for a long time and didn't receive it. When I inquired later, the package had already been signed for. I asked my colleagues around me and said that they didn't sign for it. I quickly contacted the courier company, but said that the sender could initiate the inquiry. I contacted Amazon customer service and waited for more than ten days. I finally figured out that the express delivery was mistakenly delivered to someone else, and after several turnover, the express delivery was finally retrieved. The outer packaging has been disassembled, and the goods are still complete. I don't know if they have been used. In short, it's very sad.
Wrong picture
I thought I could receive a headset like Figure 1, but I didn't expect to receive a headset like Figure 2. Even if the picture is inconsistent, what does it mean that the sound on the left and right of the headset is different in size?
Although the names are all the same, I still hope everyone can pay careful attention. In addition, the person in charge of Amazon is requested to replace the correct picture in time. Thank you very much.
The operating system is normal
After using it for a while, the overall picture is OK, and there is no difference in feeling. That is, this system makes people look tangled. The boot time is obviously a bit slow, and it can't be set up well. There is no need to comment on the software you bring, and the response speed is more general. Compared with colleagues, it is not an order of magnitude.
Looking at the comments, I said that it is a very user-friendly design. I didn't find any user-friendly design. The position of the return button design of the remote control, which is commonly used up and down, is really not flattering.
So, just use it as a TV, plus a TV box or something.
The price reduction is too great
The price reduction is too great, more than one hundred yuan is now 99!
I have accumulated a lot of un-evaluated orders on Amazon, so I uniformly use the copied passage as the evaluation content.
If I use this passage to evaluate, it means that this product has at least 85 points or more.
For relatively poor products, I will never be lazy to copy and paste the evaluation, so that other consumers will use it as a reference when buying, and merchants will improve the quality of the products as a result.
The low price is good, it's enough if you don't have a fever!
Such a cheap cable, but it should have reached the HDMI certification standard. I personally compared the domestic Akihabara shit (the price is twice as expensive), the cable body is thick and relatively soft, and there is no noise in the 7-meter transmission. In the future, I will look for the low-cost line. Think about it!
Things are okay, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, it was found that the order was wrong, but the cancellation of the order could not be cancelled. The online customer service on the webpage kept showing the wrong link and could not be contacted.
After the arrival, the deliveryman called me and I said I didn't want it anymore. If I wanted to cancel the order, the deliveryman took it back and said to sign for it first and let me apply for a return.
When applying for a return, I was told that once the food category was signed for, it could not be returned, and there was no way to call Amazon customer service. The same is true, it cannot be returned after signing for it.
I have bought items that cannot be returned under the policy in both Jingdong and Suning before, including milk, diapers, etc., and they were all returned when I contacted customer service, and the taste of Jingdong's diapers was too strong after opening. Contact customer service to return it, but it won't work if you arrive at Amazon.
Rules are dead, people are alive, contact your customer service, how to deal with it?
Tell me that I will either accept it by myself or let the courier buy it by myself. It is not easy for the courier to pay for it. Why should I let others pay for things that are not purchased by myself?
Okay, I won't refund it either. I accepted it myself, but I have to give your service 1 point.
Advise everyone not to spend money in vain
First of all, I'm looking forward to buying it. I don't think the Dole brand should be much worse. After receiving it, I look at the packaging and think it's okay. The head is not bad, but there is a box that is basically soft and can't be seen from the outside. You have to feel it. It has no taste at all when you eat it. It's dull and tasteless. The flesh is dark yellow when you bite it. It's the kind that's broken. It's mixed. If you sell it, you can eat less than one-third of it. I advise everyone not to buy it. It's not cheap. The quality is too poor!
Learn a lesson and learn a wisdom, and never buy fruits in e-commerce again!
Where is the anti-counterfeiting mark of the product?
The corner of the bottom of the bottle is severely depressed. It should have been caused by a strong impact. From the perspective of the outer packaging bag, the degree of damage is worrying. After all, the packaging of food is too simple, and it is still purchased internationally. I haven't seen any obvious anti-counterfeiting signs. It's very easy to open the bottle. The key is that the layer of honey inside the lid comes out directly from the inside, and there is almost no adhesion when there is an opening. Are foreign products like this?
I was born in China and I don't understand it anymore.
It should be genuine, right?
There is also a reminder to arrive on the 20th when the photo is taken. This one was received on the 14th. I bought it overseas here for the first time. I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe this is normal?
Pick-up service needs to be improved
I bought a total of 5 pick-up coupons. When I picked them up, I made an appointment to pick up 3 copies for the first time, but only 2 copies were sent. After multiple communications, it was confirmed that they were missed and need to be reissued after agreeing; the second appointment was just in time for the rest day, and the website and WeChat did not prompt the need to make an appointment on working days, which caused unnecessary panic. It is recommended to improve in the future.
Nice shopping
Things are well received!
I still believe in Amazon's self-operated things. Now it is very convenient to buy overseas. The logistics time to buy back from abroad is only a few days longer than in China. I have to say that Amazon's customs clearance ability from overseas to China is still very strong, and it is much faster than transshipment, so now many things are bought overseas.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are made in China, but it is cheaper to go out and buy them back than in China. I hope to improve.
rubbish
Seeing such a package, I asked everyone: Do you think it is garbage on the side of the road?
For a fragile plastic package, a plastic bag is used to send it from the so-called Germany. Is such a package responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is the same as garbage. When I bought this product, the packaging was very simple and there was no measure to prevent damage. It was packed in a simple plastic bag. After I got it, the package was completely deformed and the items inside were also damaged.
If I just come across one like this, I recognize it, and I bought a few like this. If I find Amazon customer service, the customer service will say that it can be refunded, but the shipping fee will be paid in advance, and then the shipping fee will be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
Let me ask, I use cash to pay for the freight, and you give me a gift card. If you want me to buy your gift card by myself, just say it, and you have to mail the product to the German warehouse by yourself. This is not a crime to buy a product!
And I have been telling the customer service that who is responsible for such a problem, but the customer service does not say that it is their responsibility, and they dare not even take half of the responsibility. What is the guarantee for such after-sales service? In one sentence: admit it!But I estimate that Amazon will not give me the opportunity to publish my evaluation, so I will delete it directly!
The quality is very good 5 stars, the logistics is very poor
1. The quality is very good, the spike is good, the price is moderate, and the value for money is excellent.
2. Strong, sufficient materials are used, the solder joints are firm, the surface treatment is proper, and the color is very good.
3. The logistics is a mishap. The order placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.
4. If Amazon does not indicate that the estimated arrival time is February 7th, I might be very satisfied.
5. However, the expected arrival time is marked, which is equivalent to giving the user a promise. When the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user is very uncomfortable.
6. If you are not sure of giving a promise, please do not make a promise.
7. In fact, I care very much about the promises made by merchants.
8. So, I got a low score.
The gold thread will fade
The effect is still there, but whether it feels obvious depends on the individual or the psychological effect.
One thing that is not very good is the golden thread. It was originally designed to look good, but in fact, the golden thread will fade. Put it on the car. If you hold it a few times, there will be some gold powder in your hands and on the car.
Hope the product can be improved.
This kind of square one has no decorative effect, so don't get on the gold line. It's troublesome to get dirty on the car when it falls off.
The things are in good condition, the speed is ok, divided into 2 packages and packaged differently
The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but the 2 pieces are divided into 2 packages, and the packaging is still different. Obviously, one is too shockproof. The thick cardboard is attached, and the outer packaging is sealed with a layer of plastic. It is also easy to disassemble. One is like a domestic express box. Just put a few cushioning airbags. It feels a bit perfunctory.
Yalan mattress is really good
The 34CM mattress is not generally thick, so you can sleep directly on the mattress without a bed.
The quality is very good, whether it is the front or the back, it is quite soft, and the sleep is very comfortable. I fell asleep quickly when I lay on it.
After receiving the mattress, there were some stains in two places due to violent courier transportation. Yalan customer service was very responsible and contacted very efficiently to solve the problem.
It's not a self-operated commodity, Amazon is shameless
The page is clearly marked as self-operated. In fact, it is delivered by the supplier, and the supplier is responsible for after-sales. If you have any questions, please contact the supplier yourself.
If you want to cancel the order, I'm sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier and cannot be cancelled; if you want to return or exchange the goods, you have successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon. Sorry, no one cares about you, you need to contact the supplier to return the goods.
What kind of self-operated commodity is this Nima?
The goods are not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon is not responsible for after-sales. The customer service actually said “I will contact the supplier for you”, and claimed that it was self-operated. It's shameless, shameless, and naked fraud on consumers!
Depressed experience
The filter element that was purchased online in another store before has a good filtration effect, and it will be the same without scale if you use it for one or two more days after the end of 28 days.
Since the quality of the things I have always purchased on Amazon is good, I just wanted to buy it here this time. The first time I bought the filter element on Amazon, it didn't feel very good. Not only did it start to have dirt early, but the filter element was used until the 28th day. There will be suspended black toner. I really don't know if I will continue to use it or just throw it away. I'm very depressed~
Not as good as imagined
Compared with the plug-in boards I have used in the past, the external workmanship is general, and the internal workmanship is not disassembled. I hope that as described by the store, from the point of view of ease of use, whether each independent unit is powered on is missing.
The packaging is damaged, wait for time to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is more seriously damaged. The packaging box inside seems to be new, but the manual does not seem to be new. It was only renovated in September. It is in stock. I hope it will not be broken by then. Please explain to Amazon why several customers mentioned that the packaging is damaged, but you can handle it safely, thank you!
Overall good, a bit of a problem
The FIRST time I BOUGHT a filter kettle, I READ a few EVALUATION ARTICLES and FELT that LAICA was more cost-effective. I CHOSE THIS one. After receiving the goods, I INSTALLED the FILTER element according TO the INSTRUCTIONS and TRIED IT out. It FEELS GENERALLY good, BUT WHEN pouring water, IT SEEMS THAT the raw WATER WILL BE MIXED WITH THE TREATED WATER FROM THE SPOUT (THE original water warehouse is not tightly sealed).
When using it, be sure to wait for all the water to be filtered before pouring it out!
Incomplete picture
The picture does not show the details on the side. The details on the side are not consistent with the style of the subject. There is a big difference. This is one of them; this bead is made in Thailand, and the place of origin is not indicated. This is the second; the texture is not indicated. This is the third; when I bought it in the UK, it was clear that each item had its own box. There is only a simple plastic bag here, and there is no product logo on the bead. Where can I judge whether it is true or not.
Be careful when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service sucks
The order placed two days ago was found to be down by 40 yuan when I received it today. It took a lot of time to find customer service. The customer service said that it could not make up the difference. You can buy it again and return it.
This kind of customer experience and service is 10,000 times worse than that of a certain treasure and a certain east.
Okay, as a novice, it's worth starting
The quality is good, and it is no match for the best King Kong. I have seen the price in the mall before, let alone hundreds. This is the first time I have played King Kong. It's okay.
Nice stuff
The things are really good, for my girlfriend, but I was a little unhappy when I was not in Canada for express delivery at noon. The logistics company put it directly in the mail storage treasure and did not send me a verification text message for pickup, which caused me to run twice.
But the baby is really good.
Worth buying
The little monkey is cute, and the Amazon discount is really strong. Zhou Shengsheng's official website ships directly. I placed an order the night before yesterday and received it this afternoon. It's so fast.
The postal courier is also very responsible.
Like!
A customer's confession
1 After receiving such a defective product, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then in the middle, you contact the customer service staff, and they will tell you that the problem will be dealt with by a specialist, and he will inform you of the result.
You will never be able to contact this commissioner on your own initiative, you don't know her work number, and you don't have a direct contact number, that is, you can't contact her, only she can contact you.
3 The tragedy is that after waiting for nearly 3 days, this commissioner contacted me. My phone left for a while and I did not receive a call from this commissioner.
I waited for 2 hours and didn't wait for the specialist's call. During this period, I took the initiative to contact Amazon customer service and emailed customer service to ask her to call me back.
4 Nearly 3 days have passed, and I still don't know what Amazon will do with the coffee machine that I received this defective product!
5There is no problem with Amazon products in the United States. This shopping method is good for overseas purchases, but it is far worse than Meiya's service.
6 For me, I can only continue to wait...
Uneven bottom
Because the reviews are very good, everyone is looking forward to this pot, and they like it very much when they get it. It is very light, but when they open the pot, they find a problem. The bottom of the pot is not flat, the middle protrudes, the periphery is concave, and the oil runs to the periphery. The specially bought big fat meat fried out a lot of oil. It can't cover the central area. If it is pasted, the pot can't be opened. It is estimated that this structure will not be able to cook vegetables normally.
I don't know if I was out of luck. I just got a pot with an uneven foundation. Fortunately, Amazon provided a one-month return service and returned it decisively.
I brushed the pot cleanly and returned it, and I was busy for a long time in vain.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve
This is a product with a very simple design style.
In the shape of a cube, the designer processed the top into a slight arc.
It should have been very smooth lines.
It is a pity that the final effect has not been achieved.
Because there are two parts on the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the top cover of the water box.
The curvature of the top cover and the curvature of the control panel are actually inconsistent, and after flattening, there is a height difference of up to about 2mm.
Although it looks like a small gap.
But it can be said that the entire sense of design has been destroyed.
I feel a little bit sorry for the product designer.
It seems that Midea's product managers are not yet capable of creating products of this level.
(Of course, you can't ask too much for the feedback from the after-sales lady, but when I heard the after-sales lady say that all the individuals of this product are like this, and it's not just the one I bought that has a problem, her disapproval and overwhelmed emotions made me understand that I can't ask too much for the beautiful one.) 2019-7-7 The water pump failed and the water output was low. It has been repaired for the second time, and it broke down two weeks after the first repair.
It's a good deal after the discount, Amazon's fake discount is very sad
Purchased one week after the baby is born, the insulation is super strong.
There is not a trace of heat on the outside of the pot, which can effectively protect the temperature from spreading even if it is not afraid of being scalded.
After a night, the air-conditioned room can still maintain a very high temperature.
Amazon said that there are 320 big discounts for the anniversary event. Later, it was discovered that everyone has 249,289,299. There is a sense of being deceived in an instant, but going to the supermarket to compare it is still much more cost-effective than various miscellaneous brands at the same price. You can carry it with you when you go out in the future.
Vitamix Vitamix 6300
I have been waiting and watching for a long time, and I saw that Meiya 6300 was discounted, and I bought the same price from overseas, so I hurriedly started.
The order was placed on September 2nd, and the expected arrival was on the 21st. As a result, it arrived on the 12th. It was almost 10 days in advance. The speed is really fast!
The packaging box is not large, and the original packaging of Vitamix is directly used. Amazon is not afraid of breaking it across the ocean!
The machine looks very new and has complete accessories, but the cup is shaking so badly on the base that I am afraid to turn on the cup and fly out directly!
I asked a friend with 5200, and he seemed to be not as loose as mine when he heard his description.
The randomly included recipes are all in English. I'm tired of reading them. I didn't find the Chinese version on the Internet. This is a trouble!
After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer. It is estimated that it will arrive in 3 days. Then I will toss it well!
It's too small, there is no umbrella cover, and the material is general.
It's not a large size at all!
The second Totes, 1.This one does not have an umbrella cover 2.The material of the umbrella handle is generally 3.Obviously writing Large, it is actually a convenient umbrella for one person, and it is estimated that it is enough for two people to use it.
On the contrary, the one I bought in Meiya before can be used by three people without pressure.
It doesn't feel good
The first is that the box is not very strong, and it is deformed with a single click. The second is that the ABS designed on the back prevents the surface of the box from scratching and does not work when it is placed flat. Again, the inside of the box is wrapped in a piece of cloth, and the place of the tie rod is highlighted..Wait, all kinds of dissatisfaction, and finally the zipper is a bit not smooth.
PS: The wheels feel really good
Ok
Advantages: This backpack is more exquisite and looks durable.
Disadvantages: The QR code on the card can't be scanned (what the hell), and the 15.6-inch notebook can't be put away (a little longer is okay). The zipper of this backpack can be locked, but it does not prepare a lock for the buyer, which cannot be said to be service-oriented.
The whole is okay, I don't know if it's genuine leather
The overall feeling is okay, if you don't know if it is genuine leather, you can't evaluate it blindly.
It can hold documents in A4 format, which are over 80 pages thick, but box-like objects that are too thick and too hard (those that cannot be deformed) are estimated to not be able to hold them.
The bag is very soft, and the separation of the inner pockets is more user-friendly, which is still quite good.
It's just that there is a small sand eye at the bottom of the one I got. I don't know if it's my bad character or not?
I didn't bother to toss and exchange the goods, so I endured it.
A four-star rating as a whole is still worth it.
ForRoyal is popular all over the world, camera strap, SLR strap
This strap is designed to be more scientific, hanging on the shoulders, practical, and the chest is fixed and protected by soft materials. It is not like other fast-moving guns that use screws to fix the bottom of the camera, and it is also very convenient to take off the camera.
Garbage after-sales
The qin I bought a month and a half ago was missing a part. After notifying Amazon, I gave me an after-sales call. After many communications, the parts have not been received yet. What is the efficiency? !
It is estimated that there will be problems in the future and maintenance will be more troublesome. Friends who are looking forward to the after-sales service should take a detour. It's too much trouble!
There are minor defects, the tone is good
The Qin head is defective, one corner is missing, it feels like a defective product, and there are no gifts, but the price is already good, and the tone of the qin is also good.
Okay, the first face order
After using it for a long time, except that the bass can't come out, it's generally not bad.
It's just that the workmanship is not as perfect as imagined.
When I bought it for the first time, there was a problem with something, all the lights were flashing and it couldn't be used.
I asked for an exchange, but it turned out that the goods had been in Shanghai for three days and had not been delivered yet.
I didn't answer the call to the delivery person.
The courier company said that they only have that contact information.
Amazon could not find a place to complain.
I haven't asked for it. If the delivery is delayed, the delivery will be delayed inexplicably according to my request－such a text message will come.
What transit issues will be mentioned later.
Anyway, the extremely poor shopping experience began to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.
It is estimated that I will not get it today.
The label is too sticky and not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not coated; and the label is very sticky, it is not good for the cable label at all, and it is very easy to fall off. Friends who bought it to organize the cable need to pay attention.
The pen is okay, but the package is too simple, just a paper box, there are no protective measures, and the box containing the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent glue, and the torn glue is all on the box.
The six hundred yuan thing was treated like this, and I was very disappointed in a shopping trip.
But the pen is fine.
Hope to improve the packaging in the future!
If the quality is not good, if you talk about writing, it's better to 925-25
First praise the daily express delivery, air parts, super fast, and the service attitude is also very good!
I have been using 925-25, which is great. I just received 925-85. The quality of the pen is not good, and the style is also very beautiful. The reason why I gave it four stars is because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing. The cap is a bit shaky when adjusting the length of the lead core. Personal opinion: 925-25 is more convenient than 85.
So I became a diehard Amazon fan
I bought it at a super favorable price, but the child didn't like to click on the reading pen.
It has been unopened, I tried to apply for a return, but I actually picked it up for free.
Awesome.
Returns are not advocated, but this kind of service is the only one in China.
Hope not to be abused.
In the future, all the books have been transferred to buy here.
The headphones are biased, and there is noise
This headset is really rubbish. I don't know if there is a problem with my ears, or if this headset is really not as good as before.
I bought a blue one in a certain store two years ago. The sound quality is not bad. There is no noise and the bass is not bad. After using it for two years, I plan to buy another one (urbeats). After all, it feels pretty good.
I saw a purple one again, which is very beautiful, but I bought this one and opened it today. I didn't feel right until I opened it. The voice was loud and the voice was low.
At first I thought it was because of the sound effect of that song. I didn't think much about it, but then after listening to it for a long time, I realized that the problem was very serious. Not only was the pitch biased, but the bass effect didn't sound as good as the one I had before, and there was a little noise. Is it only the purple one I bought that has this phenomenon?Or is the headphone manufacturing process really not working now?
Quite a poor evaluation, very disappointed.
Be sure to return it during the day tomorrow.
PS has a good face value
This AV power amplifier has complex settings, rough appearance and workmanship, and large heat generation.
It will take a while to comment on the sound!
I just started the German version of DN1080 on August 14th.At first glance, the workmanship is so poor.
1.The front panel and knobs are all plastic.
2.The audio input socket of the rear board and the speaker output terminal are all so bad, just find a 1000-2000 CD power amplifier all-in-one machine is much better than this one.
3.The top cover is relatively thin, and the side of my transformer is still concave. I had to open the box and restore it by hand. The combination of the top cover and the front panel was loose.
4.The center of gravity of the entire machine is biased towards the transformer end, which is very awkward when moving.
It feels like it's SONY's entry-level machine, just the workmanship, made in Malaysia.
It feels that Sony is much better than Pony to be OEM in China.
5.The machine has a lot of heat, and the top cover of the two channels used to watch a movie for about 2 hours has to be 40-50℃ when touched by hand. I don't know if the transformer is too hot.
Now it is used for switching power supplies, and this silly transformer is estimated to be 4KG.
Sony should use a silent fan that actively dissipates heat in the machine. After opening the box, only the large aluminum plate heat sink on the tube can be seen.
Xiaogui
FANDUN JEEP (FANDUN JEEP) Clothing Co., Ltd. is A clothing enterprise integrating R&D, design, processing, production, MARKETING and TRADE. It mainly produces men's outdoor casual clothing. IT is A young company that is booming.
FANDUN JEEP clothing PAYS ATTENTION TO THE EFFECTIVE COMBINATION OF MODERN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND TRADITIONAL INDUSTRIES, INTRODUCES INTERNATIONAL ADVANCED PRODUCTION EQUIPMENT, PROCESS DESIGN AND MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGY, AND BUILDS A DOMESTIC FIRST-CLASS clothing PRODUCTION LINE.
Maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that the enterprise's comprehensive management capabilities have been strengthened and improved, and the overall level of modern management of the enterprise has been improved.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of “integrity, harmony, quality and excellence”. Its products are based on the domestic market and are favored by the majority of merchants.
Vandun Jeep clothing, because it is young, so confident!
We wholeheartedly welcome customers at home and abroad to cooperate and create brilliance together!
Enterprise spirit: proactive, keep pace with the times, service tenet: customer first, sincere dedication, corporate mission: to lead the trend and establish a brand.
Never opened
The battery is in use.
I really want to dissect it and see what's in its stomach.
Think about it later, if you are disappointed after disassembling it, it would be too unfair to spend so much money; if you are satisfied after disassembling it, it will be difficult to install it again, and you will be unhappy when you use it.
Forget it, even if Sony uses a good battery.
As for the detailed description of the battery, most people will feel guilty when they look at it.
I'm okay. I've worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time. Apart from not knowing the circuit, I'm also a half-battery engineer and can withstand it.
Overjoyed
I really didn't have a bottom in my heart before I bought it, until I opened it and looked at the package, I felt very positive!
Finally, when I touched the headphone cable, I felt very flexible and the quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug in the phone to turn on qq music.
I was shocked, the sound quality turned out to be surround 3D stereo!
I asked in the physical communication store, it's about the same as 30, but it's by no means a Pinsheng brand, it's a miscellaneous brand, so although this Pinsheng is 27 yuan, the price is definitely worth it!
Worst online shopping experience
After placing the order on September 28th, the system showed that the goods had been shipped, but the goods were not received until October 12th.
To check the status of the Amazon order, the seller did not provide the courier number, and could not find out where the order was.
So I sent an email to the seller asking if I could provide the courier number, but there was no reply after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service. The customer service told the seller's mobile phone number, and I called the store again. After calling a few times, the phone rang and I was told that the courier was lost. You can resend me one immediately.
Although I was very angry, because the computer was urgently needed, I didn't tell the seller much, just send it to me immediately.
As a result, I called the next day and asked, Has it been shipped?
The seller said it hasn't been yet, and it won't be released until the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon to ask, and the seller said that it would be shipped after five or six o'clock in the afternoon, but when I called at seven o'clock in the evening, no one answered the call.
On the morning of the third day, I called again and asked if the goods had been sent out?
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said it hadn't been sent, and told me that if I was in a hurry, let me place an order from another house, and if I could wait, it would be sent in the afternoon.
There is no way, it will take a long time to place an order from another home.
You can only ask the seller to ship the goods quickly.
Finally, after countless phone calls, I received the computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because it was bought for others, so let's add comments later.
I just bought it for half a year and didn't use it several times. Now I have poor contact. Can I fix it?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven't used it a few times after buying it.
It's just a few times to bring it in the fashion bag for business trips.
Recently, it was discovered that when the power is turned on, it is not charged. You need to hold the connection between the charger and the cable a few times with your hand to charge it.
I suspect it is poor contact at the interface. I don't know if it can be repaired now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon disable EMS!
Five stars for commodities, one star for logistics, and an average of three stars.
I don't understand why Amazon wants to send EMS. It is recognized in the industry as unreliable. Well, computers are valuables anyway!
After buying, the order showed that it was expected to be delivered on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send it from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
On the morning of the 22nd, I checked the logistics and finally arrived in Fuzhou. I was ready to receive the goods happily. As a result, when I did not receive any phone calls or text messages in the evening, I checked the logistics and was signed for it at noon. It also showed that I signed for it!
I was shocked in an instant!
Who am I?Where am i?Did I really buy this computer?
I just doubt life, okay!
Finally, I ran to the collection point to move the computer back.
The specific reason is simply because the courier brother reversed the two order numbers, but fortunately, it's okay if the piece is not lost.
I strongly recommend that Amazon stop using EMS. If Amazon uses EMS to send express delivery in the future, I will definitely not buy it again.
The goods are not bad
First of all, I just bought it for a few days and found that the price has been reduced. Bad reviews, this is pretty good, cost-effective, the cpu and graphics card are enough to cope with mainstream online games and a considerable number of large stand-alone machines. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a bit light-leaking (a common problem with IPS screens), the audio quality is not very good, and the hard disk is not good (It is recommended to spend some money to add a solid state). Yesterday, I took it to the after-sales inspection and checked the hardware. There is no problem. The built-in win8.1 is not very useful. It is recommended to upgrade to 10. The seller shipped quickly, and the various inquiries were answered quickly. The invoice arrived the next day after receiving the computer. It's a pity. There are no gifts.
(By the way, don't go to a store called E Cool Digital Center to buy keyboard film. The delivery is slow and the quality is poor. If there is a problem with the product, it will not be returned or exchanged. The boss is still full of swearing, so I will expose it in particular)
Things are very good, but the platform bureaucracy is still there
The quality of the hard drive is very good, the price is absolutely high, and it is cheaper than buying in Hong Kong. If you are not in a hurry to use it and can tolerate logistics, it is definitely recommended to buy it.
But what I have to say is that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same. It has not improved from when I vowed to never use it a few years ago. You will never find out the actual logistics situation. The information will always be delivered in a few weeks. You can never complain. It's just that bureaucratic!
It's been a few days since the goods were received, and the logistics information is still 10 days later. You will receive the goods!
Worry-free logistics
When it was delivered like this, not only was the packaging flattened, but the electrical packaging was also opened, and I don't know if there was any transfer.
FYI
I haven't tried it yet. I have always trusted Philips and hope that the battery life will be longer than other brands.
I checked the Internet, it may be a common problem of water ingress, and there is no warranty.
Depressed!
Now wrap it in cling film and continue to use it. I wonder how long it will last?
I bought it that someone else took apart.
A machine with more than 300 requires more than 100 taxes. It is indeed relatively high, but now it is more than 600. The balance is much higher.
When I received it, the state of the sealing tape looked very wrong. It seemed that it had been disassembled. I hurriedly took a picture first. Sure enough, it opened as soon as it was torn. After opening it, the cardboard inside was still damaged. I was worried that someone else had returned it. Before the anniversary, I hurriedly tried it for my husband first. As a result, the machine had no electricity at all. Fortunately, there was no scum in the blade. How could I return it all the way?
It is unknown whether it will work or whether there will be any problems in the short term. As mentioned in the previous evaluation, the things sent out when they are out of stock are indeed unreliable!
The sense of experience is mid-to-upper level
It's almost top-of-the-line electric. There are many modes of tooth cleaning, but few people will change to different modes of brushing every day.
After using it for half a year, there was no problem. I brushed it every day, almost once a week.
Brush head accessories are equally cheap to buy on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use. Except for changing the color, other seemingly compatible problems are the reason for the overseas version?
I hope to learn Dafa.
Very cost-effective
It has been used 3-4 times.
1. The packaging is intact.
2. It is very simple to use and easy to clean.
3. You can do a DIY haircut and save money.
In summary, a very successful purchase.
There are fakes
Last time I bought two packs, they were actually two different versions. Originally, the words in the lower left corner of the package were green, but one pack was not. It was white. As a result, the cat had diarrhea after eating it.
I can't be sure whether Amazon's source is fake, or it was swapped by an employee when it was shipped.
I will buy it again. If it is still a fake, I will seek accountability from your relevant people.
It's horizontal!
There is a slash on the Amazon picture, but the result is sent to me with a horizontal bar. Isn't this a lie?
The effect is ok
Cats like to eat, this is the point.
It does have an effect.
Tight, narrow, hoop feet, grind instep.
Not recommended.
1.UN is clarks' most comfortable series, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Added: Today, I compared the previous UN series insoles (the shoes were thrown away and the pads were kept for use). The material is a lot worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, it is fake and soft.
2.My instep is not high, and the part of my ankle is about 3 centimeters forward at the highest point of the instep.
3.Three pairs of clarks were purchased overseas, only one pair is suitable.
I was so scared that I deleted all the music in my favorites.
Try rockport later, if you can't, you can only go to the ecco physical store.
Shoddy, bad quality control
First of all, it is worth affirming that Prime's overseas purchase of Ups is very powerful, and the order placed on the 31st was received on the 6th.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the leather feels good.
The shoe size is slightly larger, with a length of 25 feet and a width of 10.5 and a width of 7.5W, and the upper feet are a little looser, but I usually like to wear a looser one, and a pair of insoles is just right.
Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not flattering. The rubber on one sole is damaged, and the other upper has various scratches and a needle eye. The rubber strip at the connection between the upper and the sole is misplaced, which is obviously shoddy!
A little regretful!
I bought it for 280 yuan for the activity. It is quite cost-effective to buy Asics at this price. Of course, there is a lower price depending on the reviews.
Now let's talk about the shoes, the advantages: the shoes are very light, very comfortable to run, and they are more suitable, and they will not be loose.
The appearance value is very high, but the disadvantages are also obvious: I usually wear 40 shoes. The 40.5 I bought this time is about 1 thumb away from the front end of the shoes, but this does not affect anything.
These shoes are very "narrow”, although there is still a distance in front, they feel tight.
Another point is that the ventilation of the shoes may not be very good, and it feels very hot to wear them now.
Presser instep
First of all, the shoes work very well and are worth the price.
My feet are very standard. Running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, Amazon's Aibu has also bought a few pairs, and there have never been any non-conforming feet, but I refer to the comments for this pair. I bought a larger size uk7. After I got on the feet, the length was obviously too long because of the size. , But because the insole is too thick, the back pressure of the foot is still severe, and the hiking shoes are very hard, which makes the upper feet very uncomfortable.
If your feet are not particularly thin, it is not recommended to buy this one.
If you must buy it, changing to an insole can also solve it, but the original insole looks very advanced, so it's a pity not to need it.
A perfect shopping trip!
I am very satisfied and like it very much. There is no doubt that Amazon's overseas purchases are genuine. The quality is also very good, the quality is low, and the purchase is assured. The after-sales service is very thoughtful, the customer service attitude is very kind and kind, the handling of problems is patient and efficient, and the worries are perfectly solved. The supporting express delivery to the door is very convenient and safe. The delivery master is very considerate of customers. He will remind them to pick up the goods from the express cabinet in time every time. Thank you Amazon for providing customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
In short, our whole family likes to shop overseas on Amazon!
Absolutely bad review!
I was really speechless to this agency and Amazon.
Be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon in the future.
Although it has been a long time, I still have to vomit.
I bought it in a spike in winter, less than 200, and it's useless to put it at home for a few months.
When I was about to use it in the spring, I found that it couldn't be connected to the bracelet. The manuals of the two devices expressed their support for each other. Later, it was found that it should be a problem with the heart rate band, because other devices still couldn't be connected.
Call Amazon and ask me to contact the agency company, and the agency company asks me to send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After nearly half a month, the things were sent back intact, and even the courier box was the one I used when I sent it!
There are no replies, receipts, and test reports!
At least tell me, is it good or bad?
I called to ask, and said that sending it back in this way means that the equipment is fine, and it is good.
But why can't I connect? The agency company replied: Then it's not their business.
I'm unlucky, I don't bother to be tossed by you for something of 200 yuan.
Seriously, the goods are not on the board.
The goods are very wrong.
The headband material is very good.
Much better than nike.
The breathability is also very good.
It's just the hat in front.
Very fine.
Are you here to tease?！
It can't cover the sun at all.
It is not returned because it functions well as a headband.
Although it can't cover the sun when worn upwards.
But it is different from other headband styles.
Keep it for use.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks the spirit of contract, and the deliveryman is very good.
I request delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's regulations cannot deliver on Saturdays and Sundays.
It caused me to drive 200 kilometers from outside the country to come back to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The deliveryman is very active and enthusiastic.
Give a thumbs up!
The product, after a brief try, is not bad.
But I haven't bought similar products before, so I can't compare prices!
Size logistics
The workmanship is okay, but the logistics is too slow. The previous shoes were all DHL. This time Apex is really...I HAVE BOUGHT A LOT OF UA IN CHINA, AND THE PRICE IS NOT LOW. Do YOU FEEL THAT IT IS HIGHER THAN NIKE ADIDAS?
In fact, it's all the same, so Haitao.
Size: I am 176CM tall and 68KG. My shoulder width is generally 180. I bought M with a slightly longer hem. The others are just right. I think there is a recommended S size. Is the figure so slender?Still like tight-fitting?I think the hoodie is better to be loose.
Just the right size
With a bust of 99, a height of 184, and a weight of 84 kg, I consulted customer service before buying and was told that I should buy xxl's. Then I read the comments and decisively started with L's. After receiving the goods, I found that the size was just right, and I was almost pitted.
The price of Double Eleven is much more expensive than the Black Five.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The problem of Z affordable goods is very troublesome!
The order placed on the 18th, the goods received on the 25th, the snail speed from Guangzhou to Beijing!
I bought a Z affordable product. The description stated that there were scratches, but after receiving the goods, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child was unwilling to return the goods, thinking that the problem was not big, but the small parts such as accessories, the child's grandfather ran to several nearby hardware stores and did not buy them!
In the end, Grandpa glued it on!
It seems that you can't buy Z affordable goods in the future!
The quality of toy processing is not good
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, and the bolts are very strenuous. It can be seen that the processing quality is not good, and I don't know how long I can play, because it is something promised to the child, and it will not be returned.
Other comments said that the installation is not strenuous. Is it only the one I bought that has a problem?
Very general
Is it my bad luck?
The packaging is too old; the workmanship is very general; there is only one kind of music and it is only 8 seconds long and then it keeps repeating; the action is to shake your head and walk forward without any change.
It's not worth the price.
If you use it urgently, you will not return it.
The quality of the toys is good, let's talk about the packaging
I received the express delivery yesterday. I bought it from Amazon. It was marked as EMS delivery. In the end, it was delivered by Tmall express. How many turns did this take?The relationship between Amazon and Tmall is not bad?
Let's talk about the packaging, it is wrapped in several layers of cling film, and there is not even a packaging plastic bubble paper in it. When you open it, all the parts are placed in an empty box. Fortunately, the toy is of good quality and there are no broken parts. It is much smaller than imagined, because it is not with a battery, and it is often derailed by pushing it by hand. It feels that the gap on both sides of the track is too large and the design is unreasonable.
Good quality and fun
It's very fun, the components are very accurate, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is similar to Lego, and the price is very favorable when doing activities.
The assembly process is very interesting, I will fight, and my 5-year-old son will play, which is very good.
He laughed and laughed again and again~ he will probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.
The machine is new, Haitao is good
I took a look at Christmas. The one I bought before was 150 yuan more expensive, but now the delivery is slower.
The machines are still good, they are all quite new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then if you connect the elf ball, it will send a dream.
It's not bad to play, it's more portable than ps4.
I have already bought Zelda, wait for the game, try again.
Producing rotten goods and selling rotten goods, as a result of the rotten goods service, I bought six watches for my children. One of the numbers showed incomplete, and the time of the six pieces was inconsistent, with a difference of more than ten hours.
I contacted the manufacturer to ask if there is a check time for the watch in the warehouse?They replied "yes”. Since there is, why is the time difference so much? It must be that the watch has no accuracy. Simply put, it is a parallel product. It's not that I said it's bad. Look, it's obvious that the quality problems (the digital display is incomplete) are all sold out. Is it junk?
I contacted the seller, and the seller said a lot of reasons, and complained that they shouldn't have bought their things in the first place. With such products, such sellers, and such after-sales service, who would dare to buy things on Amazon in the future.
In short, I suggest not to buy things from this seller, it is also rubbish to buy.
Amazon shipping issues
After receiving the goods, the inspection found that：
1. The table packaging is seriously dilapidated.
2. The table manual has serious folds in use.
3. The watch does not leave, and the table lamp is not charged or used, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only mail it to the United States at your own expense, and then make up the postage.
5. The reason for 2 points is that the customer service is not bad.
It can only be said that it is reasonable
The time is not very accurate, it is about one second faster every day, and it has only taken a few months and it has been almost two minutes.
I have used a piece of Citizen before, and I feel that it will not be a few seconds away in a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is quite good, the timing function is a bit tasteless, and it is basically not used, and occasionally it is accidentally touched to enter the timing mode.
Solar sports watch
Advantages: Solar charging, no need to worry about having to replace the battery, with world time, a variety of alarms and whole-point reminders.
Deficiencies: The mirror surface is easy to scratch and get into dust.
Cost-effective: The general domestic price is between 220-300, and overseas purchases are more than 180 (it takes about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch
It must be genuine. I went to the counter to inspect the goods. The appearance of the watch is very beautiful, the workmanship is fine, and the materials are sufficient. In addition, it is an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight. It is unmatched by those three or four hundred so-called mechanical watches. This one is genuine.
The timing of the watch is very accurate, and the error is completely within the acceptable range. There is a jewelry identification certificate in the packaging of the watch, and the 12 characters on the dial are real diamonds. This is very suitable for wearing by yourself, and it is also very dignified to send it out as a gift.
The Bentley watch is really good.
Worst shopping experience ever
On the evening of September 23rd, my wife's mobile phone fell, and she immediately came to Amazon to order an 8p on a whim. It was in stock, but it was not self-operated and there was no price increase (secretly happy in my heart). Since the delivery is not self-operated, it is relatively slow. The system shows that the latest delivery is expected to be on September 27.
My wife was so uncomfortable without a mobile phone. She told me to think of a way at 6 o'clock in the morning the next day. Later, I went to Jingdong to see that the 256G was in stock and could be delivered on the same day, so I had to order another one immediately.
After buying the new one, I thought about canceling the Amazon order immediately.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it is impossible to receive the express delivery in the early hours of the morning. I called the customer service after 7 o'clock to request cancellation of the order. The customer service replied that it has been cancelled. Please wait for the SMS notification.
Well, I just waited patiently. When I took a look on my mobile phone at noon, the order was still in the state and was still not shipped, so I immediately contacted customer service to cancel the order quickly. The customer service replied that the operation was OK.
When I got on the phone at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I saw that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact the customer service again to make it clear that it had been called for the third time. Please cancel the order and notify the seller not to ship it!
The customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request and told me that the seller was not familiar with the system and had to wait for the system to be familiar before canceling the order.
But tell me clearly that the seller already knows and will never ship. Please rest assured.
When I waited until Monday to look at the order display, it turned out that it had been shipped, and I was speechless.
Since the seller cannot be contacted directly, he can only call customer service again.
The subsequent processing was simply speechless, basically I said one step, and the customer service continued to operate.
The order is still in the rejected state of delivery so far, and it is preparing to be delivered again!
Won't Amazon take the initiative to follow up?
It doesn't matter if the seller's company collects the money anyway or doesn't follow up.
To sum up, I will never prepay for large items in the future, it's too troublesome to look like this.
Looks beautiful
I took a fancy to this camera a long time ago, but because there are some other reasons besides the price, I didn't buy it. This time I bought it because of free shipping and the price was OK.
After buying it, there was no problem with the others, but when the software was connected, it couldn't be connected. My house is a TP router. After checking the Internet, I found that many people have this problem. It took more than two hours to get it. I changed the settings of the router. Finally, I used 360WIFI as the medium to fix it. During the period, I called Xiaomi customer service. They didn't have any solution to this problem, so they directly asked me to contact Amazon for after-sales.
Another point worth noting is that I saw user comments on the Internet saying that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, and the smaller the storage capacity, it will not be recognized. I hope you will pay attention to this.
It feels okay to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is very poor, and the machine has a certain degree of fever. If it is turned on all the time, it feels that this degree of fever is a bit unacceptable.
In summary, there are still many shortcomings in this product. I hope you should be careful when buying it.
The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because this one was bought with the first love of my life. I have been dating for almost 3 years, so I left me last year, and it has been until now.
The reason for giving 3 stars is because this one was bought with the first love of life. Now I don't know to what extent it is used, maybe I threw it away!
I have been dating for almost 3 years, so I left me last year. Now when I think of her, I want to leave this world with a heartache. The first woman in my life has brought me a lifetime of shadow and heartache. So far, I haven't been able to come out.
When I bought this mobile phone, I thought about how the two felt at the time. They could still share the joys and sorrows together, but now they are unbearable. Life may be like this. Some people don't want to encounter it for the rest of their lives, and some things they don't want to know for the rest of their lives, but what can I do?
How many times have I seen Samsung's mobile phone, I thought of her in my mind, and that kind of pain followed and filled my whole body. I have never been willing to use a mobile phone with more than 2,000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I didn't hesitate to be nice to someone, but one day when she changed her mind, all the vows of alliance and sea disappeared.
High-quality products in domestic brands
Huawei is a high-quality product in domestic goods.
Low-key bosses and companies rely on technology and quality to win customers. This is very different from the current business culture that relies on advertising operations to increase visibility!
It is impossible for an enterprise without strength to do this, and it dare not do so!
It is precisely because of this that I chose Huawei.
It's been more than half a year since I bought it, and it feels very good, very good.
The reason why I didn't give a full score was because once when using its offline navigation, there was an out-of-position phenomenon. I didn't find out the reason in the end. Other times it was very good.
Moreover, it enters the destination online, and automatically designs the route after searching. After leaving the wifi and setting off, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical. There is no need to run traffic. It directly talks to the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, which is very good!
Sony Dafa is good
Sony's low-end machine still has a full sense of design, and the price is cheap, the screen is large enough, and the battery life is great, which is very suitable for the elderly.
Although time has passed for a long time, there is still nothing wrong with this machine.
But because my Z2 was released, this phone also completed its mission.
