This document benefits from the provisions of GB/T 1.1-202 Standardization Work Guidelines, Part I: Structure and drafting rules for standardization documents.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 Information Technology "Chinese encoded character set compared to GB 18030-2005, except for structural adjustments and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows:
Added the applicability of this document (see Chapter 1),
changed the GB/I 13000 code position corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character components in the double-byte coding area, and its addition to 6 repeating Chinese character components and 9 duplicate Chinese characters (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code locations changed in the four-byte code area (see Appendix D, 2005 edition of Appendix D);
Removed the appendix "Additional Chinese characters and radicals/components" See Appendix 〇 of the 2005 edition,
increased the level of implementation " (see Grass 9);
Added an informative appendix "List of General Specification Chinese Characters; See Appendix Diao.
Please note that some elements of this document may be patentable. The issuing authority of this document does not assume responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is proposed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
Previous versions of this document and the documents it replaces have been published as follows:
A -First published in 2000 as GB 18030 to 2000, first revised in 2005; This is the second revision.
GB 18030 to 2022
Information Augmentation Chinese encoded character set
1 This document specifies the hexadecimal representations of Chinese graphic characters and even binary encoding for information technology.
This document is suitable for the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other text and graphic character information.
This document is applicable to technical products with Chinese and other text and graphic character information processing and exchange functions, including but not limited to software products represented by input method, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine translation, speech synthesis, text transcription, Qiao Neng writing, etc., as well as convenience products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book reading Yi, learning machines, etc.
2 Leaky citations
The contents of the following documents constitute the essential provisions of this document by normative references.
Among them, the reference document with the date of Note, only the version corresponding to that date applies to this document; For non-dated reference documents, the latest version of the document (including all modification orders) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312 - 1980 "Character set of characters encoded in Chinese characters for information exchange" basic set
GB/I 11383 a 1989 Information processing "Information exchange with eight-digit code structures and encoding rules
GB/WORK 13000 Information Technology Universal Multi-Octet Coded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terms and Definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 character character
An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 Coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encoding.
3.3 User-defined private use area
Users who use products that comply with this document can specify their own areas.
3.4 Word repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by a set of coded characters (3.2).
3.5 Reserved zone
Reserved for future areas specified in this document.
GB 18030 to 2022
4 Word repertoire
4.1 Overview
The characters included in this document are single-byte, double-word, or four-byte encoded.
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters of 0x00~0x7F of GB/T 11383 to 1989.
4.3 Dubyte Section
The double-byte part contains all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980 and the CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 and some graphic characters.
The double-byte portion of the character is as specified in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphics, code location, and function of the ideogram descriptor should comply with the provisions of Annex B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified encoding of Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Enguo, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs, given a separate code position; Chinese characters with different origins and the same abstract glyph are given a common code location.
The encoded Chinese character is called CJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, Korea.
4.4 Four-byte portion
The four-byte part contains 66 CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 in addition to the above double-byte characters (9FA6 to 9FEF, excluding 8 characters of 9FB4~9FBB), CJK Unified Chinese Character Expansion A, CJK Unified Chinese Character Expansion BCJK Unified Chinese Character Expansion C, CJK Unified Chinese Character Expansion DCJK Unified Chinese Character Expansion Under . CJK Unicode Extensions F and characters from minority scripts already encoded in GB/Gong 13000.
The four-byte portion of the character is specified in Appendix C.
5 General structure
In the text, where a number is preceded by 0x, hexadecimal is used, and non-marked 0x is decimal.
All codes in the appendix are represented in hexadecimal, and other numbers are represented in decimal.
The single-byte part adopts the coding structure of GB/T 11383 to 1989, and uses 0x00~0x7F code points.
The double-character tribute part uses two eight-bit binary bits to represent a character, with the first byte code points from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code points from 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE.
The four-byte portion uses GB/11383-1989 0x30-0x39, which is not used in 1989, as a suffix for double-byte encoding encoding, which ranges from 0x81308130 to 0xFE39FE39.
The first word of a four-byte character encodes in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; The second word encoding range is 0x30 to 0x39; The third byte encodes in the range of 0x81 to 0xFE; The fourth character city code ranges from 0x30 to 0x39. i.e. : 0x81308130 a 0x81308139; 0x81308230 0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130 a 0x81318139 ; Oo2douolag0c "0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 a 0xFE39FE39.
The overall structure and code range assignments are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
6 The order in which the characters are arranged
6.1 The order in which characters are arranged by the brush part
The characters of the word part are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383 to 1989.
6.2 The order in which the characters of the double-character city are arranged
The order in which the characters under the double word are arranged should conform to Appendix A.
6.3 The order in which the characters of the four-character brush part are arranged
A total of 50400 code points from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, corresponding to all GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane characters not included in the double-byte part, are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of the GB/T13000 basic multilingual plane.
A total of 1058400 code points from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the character arrangement order is exactly in the corresponding code point order of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The four-byte partial character arrangement order should conform to Appendix C.
7 Code point assignment
1. Code point allocation of the single-word city part
Code points for single-byte parts are assigned according to the rules of GB/T 11383 to 1989.
The single-byte code point assignment is shown in Figure 2.
2. Code point assignment of the double-word part
The code point arrangement of the double-byte part is divided into two parts, 0x8140~ one 0xFE7E and 0x8180 one 0xFEFE, with a total of 23940 code points.
The double-byte code point assignments are shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
DWORD 1 : 846 code points
SS WA and RS Twin Nings Zone 3 6080 code point
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 DWORD 5 : 192 code bits
3. Double-character vegetable part coding space structure diagram
Table 2 Code point arrangement of the double-word section
The range of person code points
Code point assignment for the four-character brush part
The four-byte section contains Chinese characters and some ethnic minority scripts.
The four-byte human code point assignments are shown in Table 3.
The four-byte human code point assignments not specified in Table 3 are shown in 6.3.
Table 3 Code point arrangement of the four-character smell section
Code point range
Table 3 Code point arrangement for four-byte parts (continued)
Code range: Number of characters
A total of 25,200 code points from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined areas.
Other unoccupied four-byte code points are reserved areas, reserved for future file extensions.
8 Part Character and Code Description
The glyphs and/or corresponding GB/TI 13000 code locations in some code positions have been adjusted in this document relative to GB 18030-2005 (see Appendix D).
9.1 General
This document specifies three levels of implementation.
System software products that conform to the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Implementation Level 1
Implement the CJK unified Chinese characters (i.e. 0x82358F33 一 0x82359636) and CJK unified Chinese character extensions (i.e. 0x8139EE39 一 0x82358738) of the single-byte encoded part, the double-season encoding part, and the four-character sub-encoded part of this document.
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements of implementation level 1.
Note: Depending on the needs of the software application, implementation level 1 can also choose any one or more of the non-Chinese characters listed in Table 3.
9.3 Implement Level 2
Implementation Level 2 contains Implementation Level 1.
In addition, implementation level 2 also holds encoded Chinese characters in the Common Specification Chinese Character Table } that are not encased within real level 1.
The code locations and glyphs of the Chinese characters included in this document are shown in the appendix.
System software and supporting software should meet the requirements of implementation level 2.
Note: System software and supporting software include but are not limited to operating system, database management system. Middleware (see GB/36475 for information on software product classification).
9.4 Implementation Level 3
Implementation Level 3 contains Implementation Level 2.
In addition, implementation level 3 also holds all the kanji specified in this document and the Kanghei radicals in Table 3.
Products used in government services and public services should meet the requirements of Realization Level 3.
Note: Government services and common service industries include but are not limited to railway transportation. Road transport industry \ water transport industry. Air transport, multimodal transport and transport agency, postal services, monetary and financial services, insurance, land, management, health, state institutions, social security, etc. (see GB/4754 for information on industry classification).
Appendix A (Normative)
Table of two-word characters
A.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyph and code of a double-byte encoded character, and the GB/T 13000 code position corresponding to the character.
A.2 Description of the table
Examples are as follows:
The first byte, the second byte, the low bit
DWORD 3 zones
The second byte high GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (Regularity)
Ideogram descriptor
This appendix includes 13 ideogram descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000 and gives their graphics. Code location and feature description.
See Table B.1 for details.
Table B.1 Graphics, code locations, and functional descriptions of ideogram descriptors
The code point function description of the code point GB/T 13000 in this file is similar but not equal, and is used to express foreign words by a certain word
Left and right structure
Upper and lower structure
Left-center-right structure
Upper-middle-lower structure
Fully enclosed structure
Back down the enclosing structure
Back up enveloping the structure
Back to the right enveloping structure
Back to the lower right enclosing structure
Back to the lower left enclosing structure
Back to the upper right enclosing structure
Lease structure
Appendix C (Normative)
Four-character book character list
C.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some minority characters, and also gives the GB/TI 13000 code corresponding to the character but the position, and the glyphs of other parts are omitted.
C.2 Description of the table
Appendix D (Informative)
A description of some characters and codes
D.1 adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030 - 2005 specifies 10 vertical punctuation points and 8 Chinese character widgets Temporary code locations in GB/I 13000, which are adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Adjusted code correspondence (continued)
This document and GB 18030-2005 GB 18030-2005 correspond to the GB/T 13000 code points corresponding to this document
D.2 6 Chinese character components deleted in the double-character smell area
Table D.2 Code Positions and Reserved Glyphs
D.3 9 CJK-compatible Chinese characters removed in the double character subsection
This document deletes the nine CJK characters from GB 18030-2005 from GB/TI 13000, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 removes nine CJK-compatible Chinese characters and their code locations
Appendix Open (Informational) "General Specification Chinese Character List" Code location of Chinese characters
This document includes all 8105 canonical Chinese characters in the 4 General Specification Chinese Character List approved and published by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013, and their code positions and glyphs are shown in Table 1.
The order of the Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the canonical Chinese characters of the 4 General Specification Chinese Character List, the Chinese characters with the serial number 1 one Serial number 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the Chinese characters with the serial number 3501 I Serial Number 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the Chinese characters with the serial number 6501 I Serial Number 8105 are third-level Chinese characters.
Table E.1 Glyphs and code positions of Chinese characters in the General Specification Chinese Character List
GB/ 4754 National economic industry classification
GB/ 36475 Software Product Classification
General Specification Chinese Character List. The State Council of the People's Republic of China (Guo Fa (2013) No. 23).
The contents of this man page are taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and are limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone voluntarily maintains, the EURo file and Info file are the authoritative documents.
If you find a discrepancy between the man page and the software, check Info
If we notice that the content of this man page is obviously confusing and complaining due to obsolescence, we will stop publishing it. There may not be other options like updating the Info file while updating the man manual, because other maintenance work of GNU cc does not leave us time to do this. The GNU Project considers the man manual to be obsolete and should be used elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, consult the Info file 'gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are from the original Texinfo file gee. texinfo.
DESCRIPTION C AND C++ COMPILERS ARE INTEGRATED. They all process the input file in one or more of four steps: preprocessing, Hii(compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking).
The source file suffix identifies the language of the source file, but to the compiler, the suffix controls the default setting:
GCC considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a C file and sets the connection in the form of C.
G++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a C++ file and sets the connection in C++.
The source file post-level name indicates the language type and later operations:
.c C source program; Preprocessing, compiling, assembling
. C++ source program; Preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.cc C++ source program; Preprocessing, compiling, assembling
. CXX C++ source program; Preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.m Objective-C source program; Preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.i preprocessed c file; Compile, assemble
.ii Preprocessed C++ files; Compile, assemble
.s assembly language source program; compilation
Assembly language source program; Preprocessing, assembly
.h preprocessor file; Files with other post-level names that do not normally appear on the command line are passed to the Linker.
.0 Object file
.a Archive file
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process), the connection is always the last step.
During the connection phase, all .e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, unrecognized file names (including the specified .o H standard file and .a library file) are passed to the connector options (OPTIONS) in the order in the command line
The options must be given discretely : de ' is completely different from '-d -r '.
Most ' -=E : and '-W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno- name).
Only formats that are not default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, explained in later chapters.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Explicitly state that the language of the input file follows is language (not the default choice obtained from the filename).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next '-x' option .language is available
Turn off any explicit description of the language, so process subsequent files according to the filename post-RE AS E '-x' option).
If you are only operating some of the four stages (preprocessing, compiling, assembling, joining), you can use the '-x' option (or Ah after the filename) to tell geo where to start and '~-c', '-s', or '-E' to tell geo where to end. Note that some combinations of options (e.g. ,'-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c to compile or assemble source files, ETER. ERA ATI By default, GCC is replaced by '.o' for the source filename followed by the '.ec filename.' You can use the -o option to select a different name. GCC ignores any unrecognized input after the -ec option -S F Whatever.
of the object file.
Stop after compilation, no assembly is made.
Work using pipes instead of temporary files between different stages of the compilation process, because the assemblers of those systems cannot read data from the pipes, GNU's assemblers do not have this problem, and the assembler can accept C "dialects": support for ANSI-compliant C programs.
This would turn off some of the GNU Cc incompatible ANSI Cc feature keywords, as well as ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax, which indicate that they are rarely used, and forbidden despite their use. The corresponding independent environment (f£reestanding environment) does not have a standard library, and the program entry is not necessarily main, the most obvious example is the operating system kernel. Please refer to the latest information on the GCC website for details)
For function declarations with no arguments, such as 'int foo(); ', treated in C style --- i.e. do not specify the number or type of parameters. (C++ only) .
Normally, such a function foo means that the argument is empty in C++.
The list of sections is removed from here to attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C compiler.
See the NUC manual for details, we've removed the details, so that when the content becomes outdated, people won't HERI.
Except for one thing: for C++ programs (not C), the '-traditional' option brings an additional effect that allows assignment to this.
It has the same effect as the '-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of legacy CC preprocessors.
In particular, the above mentioned content about preprocessors, but does not include other effects of the '-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows the '$' character in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the '''-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly prohibit the use of the '$' character.
(GNU C++ allows the '$' character by default on some target systems, but not all.)
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion of ant types to enumeration types (MEF c++).
Normally, GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal-—templates produces smaller code (C++ only) for template declarations by generating only one copy of each template function where they are defined.
To use this option successfully, you must mark '#pragma implementatio' or '#Pragma interface' in all files that use templates.
When the program is compiled with '-fexternal-templates', template instantiation is all external types. You must have the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved through typedef, which references each instance needed.
Correspondingly, if the default option '-fno-exteznal-templates' is used when compiling, all template instances are explicitly set to built-in.
All member functions (except constructors and the mnew or delete member operators) are treated as virtual functions of the class.
This does not indicate that each call to a member function will pass through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; At this point, it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch allows the type of the second and third arguments of the conditional expression to not match.
The value of such an expression is void.-fthis--is-variable allows assignment to this (C++ only).
Incorporating user-defined free storage management mechanisms into C++ makes the assignable 'this' seem out of place.
Therefore, by default, assigning a value to this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this work via the '-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char defines char as an unsigned type, like unsigned char.
Each machine has its own default char type. It could be either unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz when relying on the symbolism of data.
But many programs have been written with only simple char, and this is a signed number (or an unsigned number, depending on the target machine on which the program is written).
This option, and its antisense option, makes such a program work on the corresponding defaults.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If the 'signed' or 'unsigned' modifier is not explicitly declared, these options are used to define either a signed bitfield or an unsigned bitfield.
By default, bitfields are signed, because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed numbers, however, if the '-traditional' option is specified, the bitfields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings store string constants in writable data segments without special treatment.
This is a very bad idea for compatibility with some older programs that change string constants, and the '-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
The impact of coronavirus on the drug market
The impact could be similar to the 2008 economic crisis
The global coronavirus pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed health services and nearly collapsed, and restrictions imposed by Governments have caused serious disruptions in the global economy.
For drug markets, the impact of the pandemic is unclear and difficult to predict, but it has the potential to be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers are unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions and may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and provision may change, and governments' ability to respond may be hampered.
The transformation brought about by COVID is unprecedented, but there are some lessons to be learned from previous crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began looking for cheaper synthetic substances, and their use patterns shifted to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.
If governments respond in the same way to the current economic downturn, interventions such as drug use prevention and related risk behaviours and treatment services could be hit hard.
In addition, interdiction operations and international cooperation may be given less priority, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Drug trafficking is expected to be most directly affected by large quantities of drugs smuggled through commercial flights in some countries.
Messengers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in carry-on backpacks or hidden in personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. With restrictions on air passenger transport imposed almost everywhere, the use of commercial air travel to supply drugs could be completely disrupted.
While international postal supply chains have also been disrupted, the use of the dark web and the mailing of goods for trafficking is likely to increase.
In the long run, the economic downturn and related lockdowns could disrupt the drug market.
As a result of rising unemployment and lack of opportunity, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, suffer from drug use disorders, and turn to illegal drug-related activities, whether produced or transported.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation to provide services to vulnerable populations and recruit new members to grow their ranks.
As governments become less able to respond, these shifts could quickly take root and become a new reality for many communities.
Expansion and complexity
Market growth
The population growth pattern partly explains the market expansion
Drug abuse has been increasing around the world, both in terms of overall figures and the proportion of drug abusers in the world's population.
An estimated 210 million drug users were in 2009, representing 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018 there were an estimated 269 million drug users, or 5.3% of this population.
Over the past two decades, drug abuse in developing countries has grown much faster than in developed countries.
To some extent, this reflects the difference in overall population growth during this period, which was 7% in developed countries and 28% in developing countries, but also reflects the relatively rapid growth of young populations in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults make up the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population in this age group grew by 16 per cent in developing countries, while it decreased by 10 per cent in developed countries.
1 Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets
Drug abuse is higher in urban areas than in rural areas, in both developed and developing countries.
The overall increase in drug abuse is partly due to large-scale rural-urban migrations—more than half of the world's population now lives in urban areas, up from 34 per cent in 1960.
Urbanization could be a key factor in the future dynamics of the drug market, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends were more pronounced.
Increases in wealth were associated with increased drug abuse, but the poorest people who bear the greatest burden of disease worldwide were more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are more strongly linked to wealthier parts of the world.
Similarly, within countries, drug abuse prevalence is higher among the wealthier segments of society.
However, the higher rates of conversion to drug use disorders are among people of lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries indicate a link between harmful patterns of drug abuse and conditions and low income.
These patterns seem to be less common in wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints caused by the global coronavirus crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks for the most vulnerable, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been linked to an increase in drug use in the past, and the pandemic has forced tens of millions of people around the world to lose their jobs.
The pandemic may lead to more farmers growing illicit crops, either because the national authorities have less control over them, or because more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities during the economic crisis.
Coronavirus-related restrictions have reduced air and land traffic, and maritime trafficking may have increased as a result, with a low risk of interdiction at sea and more than smuggling by air or land.
There have recently been reports of cocaine shipments travelling directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of non-internationally controlled substances is stable, but potentially harmful new opioids are increasing and the drug market is becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of pharmaceuticals is also increasing rapidly.
The domestic market of Member States is about 500 new active substances per year.
Most of these are currently stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and small amounts of opioids.
While the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportions have changed.
In 2014, opioids accounted for only 2% of the total number of new psychoactive substances identified, but by 2018 this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances in opioids are analogues of fentanyl, and their efficacy and harmfulness have been demonstrated, leading to overdose deaths in North America and, to a lesser extent, in other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used either as a dopant for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, or in the manufacture of counterfeit medicinal opioids.
There is some evidence that new psychoactive stimulants are also injected in Europe: a study of discarded syringe residues in six European cities found that many syringes were contaminated with new psychoactive substances that excitate their effects"
2 The use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become firmly present among vulnerable groups
A single class of new psychoactive substances almost never forms a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among socially marginalized groups such as homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported on the use of novel psychoactive substances in prisons, with most identifying synthetic cannabinoids as a major challenge.
The control of precursor chemicals had forced drug producers to innovate, and many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors for the synthesis of drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine and "ecstasy" had been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and producers have been looking for alternatives — not only loosely regulated substances, but also chemicals specifically designed to circumvent controls, so-called "purpose-built precursors".
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of the coronavirus are likely to further squeeze producers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico shows that this is already a reality: in March 2020, a reported shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia drove higher methamphetamine prices in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing rapidly
Synthetic drugs replace opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiate markets in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appear to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opiates intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation had decreased by about 80 per cent, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use had dropped significantly.
But the doping market seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including methoxyephedrone and a-pyrrolidinylvalerone, are now ubiquitous on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported a sharp rise in the number of recently seized clandestine laboratories for the manufacture of various illicit drugs, more than doubling in two years, to 152 in 2018.
The methamphetamine market is growing in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystalline methamphetamine has become a major cause for concern in addition to fenataline and tramadol.
These findings were further confirmed by a 2015 study in which drug users said marijuana was harder to obtain than "fenataline" or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities had discovered a number of methamphetamine processing sites, and the Board had expressed concern about the large import of pseudoephedrine preparations by one methamphetamine processing site as a precursor.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing appears to have begun in 2014.
Since then, methamphetamine seizures have been steadily increasing.
However, seizures in the first half of 2019 amounted to one^657 kg – a significant increase compared to the previous year.
The large seizures of methamphetamine, believed to originate in Afghanistan, in other countries also indicate that production in that country is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions where non-medical cannabis use has been legalized have a trend towards increased cannabis use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized the non-medical use of cannabis.
In Colorado and Washington, the first two U.S. states to pass legislation, non-medical marijuana use by adults has increased, particularly in the past month and on a daily or near-daily basis, exceeding the national average since 2012.
All indicators show an increase in cannabis use in Uruguay since 2011, with almost doubling last month.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of cannabis.
Canada's short-term data also shows that the legal market expanded in 2018-2019 as well as usage increased.
However, 40% of cannabis users still obtained certain products from illegal sources in 2019.
The reason behind the collapse in global cannabis herb seizures is the legalization of cannabis?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, due to a decline in seizures in North America, which has fallen by 84% over the past 10 years.
In contrast, seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled during the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing the cannabis market played a key role in the decline.
The regulation of new psychoactive substances appears to have a deterrent effect, and the effect of domestic regulation of new psychoactive substances is still difficult to assess.
Some countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence of new psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, the adoption of domestic legislation has led to a decrease in the use of new psychoactive substances.
Vulnerable groups face harm from both legal and illicit drug markets, and pharmaceutical opioids for pain management and palliative care are widely available in high-income countries and are unevenly distributed across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88% of the global population but consume less than 10% of medicinal opioids.
Barriers to access to medicinal opioids are linked to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing drug use disorders, with some 35.6 million people living with drug use disorders in 2018.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization can increase the risk of drug use disorders and exacerbate their consequences. This is confirmed by studies in high-income countries, where individuals' adverse socioeconomic trajectories are not only associated with their status at a certain point in time, but also with drug use risk disorders.
Drug abuse also exacerbates socio-economic disadvantage and further increases the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thus contributing to a vicious circle of disadvantage. These results may also be related to humiliating attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and migrants, sexually diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters and people in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug abuse or have problems accessing treatment services.
According to the Disability-Adjusted Life Years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of years of healthy life lost due to disability and premature death, harmful drug use has exacerbated its wider social impact over the past 10 years.
Between 2007 and 2018, the number of years of disability-adjusted life (DALYs) attributed to drug use increased by 17% globally.
The increase in disability-adjusted life expectancy for liver cancer, which is common among injecting drug users, from untreated hepatitis C to liver cancer was particularly high – 40 per cent.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex, and it is difficult to establish all causal links between psychoactive substance use and violence.
Limited data worldwide suggests that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But alcohol appears to play a greater role than drugs in violent incidents.
While drug use can lead to crime, in some cases this link can be attributed in part to a variety of mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment, and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is manifold.
If stable criminal structures exist, large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, are likely to be carried out without violence.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depends not so much on the volume of trafficking as on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illicit market, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
Latest trends
Drug marijuana is the most commonly used substance, and opioids are the most harmful
An estimated 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most used drug globally.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
But the harms associated with opioids are overlooked by the fact that they are fewer users.
Of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017, 66 percent were caused by these substances, and 50 percent of the 21 million life years believed to be lost for disability, or premature death from drug use.
The non-medical use of synthetic opioids has exacerbated the public health crisis
In West, Central and North Africa, it is tramadol that exacerbates the opioid crisis; In North America, it's fentanyl. The two regions have little in common economically, demographically, or general drug use patterns, but both struggle with the opioid crisis fuelled by readily available and low-cost substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to a 20-year increase in opioid overdose deaths.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada reported similar results, albeit at lower numbers.
Part of the reason for overdose deaths is the unpredictable efficacy of fentanyl on the illicit drug market.
In West, Central and North Africa, the market for tramadol for non-medical uses has grown substantially.
In this region, an increasing number of patients are receiving treatment for tramadol use conditions.
In 2017, the amount of tramadol intercepted globally increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tonnes.
But in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating tramadol, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
The crisis has contributed to the simplicity and low cost of production, as well as the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogues or their precursors.
The crises in both regions are exacerbated by the availability of these substances on both drug and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
Doping use is increasing
The stimulants sector is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their use in their major markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine is prevalent in North America and Western Europe.
Some 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most used amphetamine-type stimulant in South-East Asia and North America.
According to most available indicators, the use of methamphetamine has been expanding in both regions over the past 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes as substitutes for each other, so that the use of one drug increases and the use of the other decreases, sometimes increasing and decreasing at the same time to meet demand in the same market.
The coronavirus increases the risk of injecting drug users
An estimated 11.3 million people injected drug use in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million people who inject drugs are infected with HIV and 5.5 million people suffer from hepatitis C.
In 2017, about 585,000 people died from drug use, half of them from liver disease caused by hepatitis C, and most people who injected drugs remained untreated.
5 Opioid shortages caused by COVID restrictions may result in users replacing them with more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or mixing opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injections or inject more frequently, more harmful ways of using them may occur.
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset
Instruction manual
Product introduction
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it properly.
The headset itself is equipped with a medium-sized ear sail, if you feel uncomfortable, you need to be small and small.
01 Wear headphones
Gently tuck the ear tent diagonally down into the ear canal and gently shake the headphones to make it home.
When on a call, point the headset toward your mouth to make the call clearer.
When changing calls, please be careful to adjust the headset to expose the microphone
Before charging and turning on, please tear off the net table at each point of the left and right earphone charging, and fully charge the charging case and earphones.
Plug in the charging cable to charge the earbuds and charging case at the same time.
The charging case is not fully charged, the charging indicator light is solid red, and the charging indicator is off when fully charged: 3 indicator is off.
While the earphone is charging, the headphone indicator light is solid red, the earphone is fully charged, and the white light of the indicator light is solid for 1 minute and then turns off.
02Charge and turn on
The earbuds are in the charging case, take out the earbuds from the charging case and turn on automatically.
The headphones are not in the charging case and are turned off, press and hold the multifunction button for about 1 second (white light stays on for 1 second).
Press and hold for about 1 second
The white light stays on for 1 second
Shutdown
Put it in the charging case and the earbuds will turn off automatically.
When powered on, press and hold the multi-function button for about 5 seconds (red light is on for 2 seconds)
One long press for about 5 seconds
People red light solid 2 machine
03 Get started
Auto Connect: Bureau to move two headphones from outside the charging box to ten.
The two brothers automatically opened the level and the white light lit up.
Then the red and white lights resumed six. The left and right capsules are connected in series as self-passing .
Wait for the left/right earbud white light to flash. Open the device and search for "RedmIArDots2" and click on the solution.
After the first connection. When booting, the capsule can automatically connect back to the last paired device (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headphones back into the charging case. Repeat the above action.
Press and hold for about 1 second to power on
Headphone indicator
Single-ear / binaural free switching; After the two earphones are successfully connected, it is a double docking connection; Put either earbud back into the charging case and turn off, the other earbud into monoaural mode, and automatically resume binaural mode when it is removed again.
Manual connection: When the headphones are turned off, turn the two headphones on manually. The white light lights up, then the red and white lights flash, the left and right earphones are automatically connected in series, wait for the left/right earphones white lights to flash slowly, open the device Bluetooth search connection.
Headset reset
If the headphones do not connect properly, please reset them as follows
Earphones: Take the earphones out of the charging case, in the shutdown state, press and hold the multi-function buttons of the two earphones for 15 seconds, until the red and white lights flash alternately 3 times, release and put back the charging case (clear the connection record of the headphones and the mobile phone).
04 Product accessories, user interface and other illustrations in the manual are schematic diagrams, for reference only Due to product updates and upgrades, the actual product and the schematic diagram may be slightly different, please refer to the actual product.
Entrusted by: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd
(Xiaomi Ecological Chain Enterprise)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing
Phone: 400-100-5678
For more information on this strict practice, please contact the sales website: www micom
The book sings: V10reae
Feature Essentials
The following functions can be operated by both left and right headphones, tap once to answer the call; During a call or outgoing call, when hanging up the phone music, play/pause audio , long press for about 1 second to release
When a call comes in, when you refuse to listen to a phone call, switch to Headset/Mobile Phone Listening Jane and double-click
During a call, start/turn off silent mode
When in standby, turn on the voice assistant (requires the device to support voice function and turn on the fast wake setting)
Answer the second incoming call and switch calls
When there is a new incoming call in a mobile phone call, click the multi-function key to keep the previous call and answer the second call; Double-tap the multifunction key to switch between two calls.
Basic parameters
Product name: Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless bluetooth headset
Model: TWSEJO61LS
Headphone basic parameters
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earbud)
Input parameters: 5V two 100mA
Net weight of one ear: about 4.1g
Battery type: Li-ion polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free air environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0
Charging time: Approx. 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP
Talk time : about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time : about 150 hours
05 Precautions
warn
1 Do not take it apart for any reason. Repair or modify the headphones, otherwise it may cause fire or even completely damage this product;
2 Do not expose the device to an environment where the temperature is too low or too high;
3 When using the device indicator light, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorm weather, thunderstorms can cause abnormal work of the equipment, and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
6 Do not come into contact with liquids with this product.
note
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 You must choose a charger certified by the national CCC produced by a regular manufacturer
3 Long-term continuous use of headphones damages hearing, please reasonably control the use time and volume;
4 The use of headphones will reduce the perception of outside sounds, please do not use headphones in environments that may threaten safety.
Basic parameters of the charging case
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameters: 5 to 500mA
Output parameters: 5V to 150mA
Charging time: approx. 2 hours
Battery wear: 300mAh
Electro-news type: Li-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Description
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product after-sales service is strict
According to the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests and the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, the after-sales three-guarantee service is implemented, and the service content is as follows:
1. Warranty Policy
1 Within 7 days from the day after you sign for receipt, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", which is determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and can enjoy free return or exchange service;
2 Within 8 days to 15 days from the day after you sign for receipt, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Fault Table", which is confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center
3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign for receipt, this product has the performance failure listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", which is determined by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and can enjoy free maintenance services.
A Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless bluetooth headset product performance failure table
Name performance failure
1 No sound can be heard during use.
Electric tooth headset "2 During the call, the other party cannot hear the sound.
I can't charge it.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized repair, misuse, collision, neglect, misuse, liquid ingress, accident, alteration, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tearing, altering labels and anti-counterfeiting marks;
2 The validity period of the three guarantees has expired;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Not in line with the performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table"
5 Due to human reasons, this product and its accessories produce the performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table".
The name and content of hazardous substances in the product
Hazardous substances are prepared in this form in accordance with SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the part is below the limit requirements specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates refugee policy, EU officials: step-by-step bottleneck in the reception process - Chinanews.com
EU summit squabbles over refugee policy, EU officials: there are bottlenecks at every step of the reception process
According to Agence France-Presse on February 10, at the latest EU summit on the same day, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration to make it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
The EU's move is reportedly a response to Europe's growing concerns about illegal immigration, which today has a central problem of the small number of illegal immigrants who can eventually be repatriated.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the commission to "immediately mobilize substantial EU funds" to strengthen external borders with means such as infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU has squabbled with member states over issues such as the payment of fencing fees.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly said that EU funds will not pay for them.
But diplomats in some member states say that if the EU can share the installation of cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along external borders, it will free up national budgets to speed up the construction process.
EU officials acknowledge that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process, that limited reception capacity and overwhelmed immigration authorities in member states cannot prevent refugees from submitting "myriad" asylum claims across the EU, and that the EU's refugee reception system is in a near-"permanent crisis".
The European Commission estimates that the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, nearly half more than the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries can repatriate illegal immigrants based on a court decision of another member state.
In addition, EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of a safe state," which would open the way for the EU to develop a common list.
(Source: Global Times Author: Niu Ruifei)
The United States upgraded the "chip war" to hit the global semiconductor industry hard-Chinanews.com
Recently, the United States' "chip war" against China has greatly escalated - first, the Netherlands and Japan agreed to start the control of the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China under pressure from the United States; Later, foreign media reported that the US government is considering cutting off all contact between US suppliers and Huawei, and prohibiting US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei; The Biden administration is also preparing to issue an executive order restricting U.S. investment in sensitive Chinese tech sectors... Soon after the beginning of 2023, the United States has continued to make vicious moves to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped cracking down on the development of China's "core", while accurately suppressing the semiconductor production and supply chain in China, while building a "de-Chinese" semiconductor industry chain alliance, in an attempt to completely "shake off" China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to win over South Korea to establish a "technology alliance", or to establish a chip "quadripartite alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to establish a "small circle" of the semiconductor industry chain through mechanisms such as the "quadrilateral mechanism" and "Indo-Pacific economic framework" of the United States, Japan, India and Australia, the United States introduces politicization, camp and weaponization into the semiconductor industry in an attempt to build a closed production and supply chain cycle led by the United States, thereby making up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintaining its dominant position in the global chip industry.
However, the "core tactics" of the United States against China with great fanfare are also "wounded by a thousand enemies and self-inflicted damage by eight hundred."
Recently, Lam Research, a well-known US chip manufacturing equipment supplier, announced that it will lay off 1,300 full-time employees due to the latest round of the ban on the export of chip manufacturing equipment to China, and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
Global lithography giant ASML Holding in the Netherlands recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to higher semiconductor prices.
US media analysis, after the US government carried out a brutal suppression of China's chip and semiconductor industries, many American companies suffered from it, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, chip manufacturers themselves, etc.
The so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry by the United States has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has long formed a closely connected global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professional estimates, based on the professional division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross the borders of various countries more than 70 times, and the whole process reaches 100 days.
Although the US semiconductor industry has a strong foundation, its manufacturing capabilities, especially advanced process technology, are relatively weak and rely heavily on East Asia.
Even if the United States strives to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the regionalization of the "small circle" led by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of global semiconductor-related industries are difficult to change.
The United States has strongly "reshaped" the "de-Chinese" semiconductor industry chain and severely damaged the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry is inseparable from the participation of all countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively introducing the Innovation and Competition Act, the American COMPETES Act of 2022, and the Chip and Science Act, using scientific and technological hegemony to consolidate its technological leadership; To the allies, "Enwei and Shi", induce Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other chip manufacturing companies to set up factories in the United States, and strive to ensure the global leadership of the United States in the field of chips.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created trouble for the development of China's chip industry and related industries, and reaped practical benefits.
However, in the long run, the United States' hysterical suppression has forced China's chip industry to continue to break through, making itself lose the huge Chinese market, which will eventually greatly weaken the innovation willingness and innovation ability of American technology companies and damage the development of the global chip industry.
Gao Joe
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products are on sale, and the shortest can be held for only 360 days-Chinanews.com
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products went on sale
7 products to choose from The minimum holding time is 360 days
Personal pension financial products are finally online.
On February 10, China Wealth Management Network released the list of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products, and 7 personal pension wealth management products of ICBC Wealth Management, ABC Wealth Management and China Post Wealth Management were officially launched.
At this point, the "shelf" of individual pension accounts has finally collected four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension financial management, personal pension insurance, and individual pension public funds.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension wealth management products are all public net worth open-ended products, including 5 new products and 2 existing products, except for 1 product is a mixed product, the remaining 6 products are fixed income products.
The reporter of Beijing Youth Daily saw that 4 of the 5 new products came from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed income products, with the shortest holding periods of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, and the corresponding performance comparison benchmarks (annualized) were 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, 5.25% - 5.75%.
The remaining new product is "Postage Wealth Tianyi Hongjin Shortest Holding 1095 Days No. 1", which is also a fixed income product, which began to be raised on February 10 and ended on February 19, with a risk level of Level 2.
Among the two existing products, one is the 360-day scientific and technological innovation RMB wealth management product of ABC Wealth Management, which is hybrid in nature and has a risk level of 3.
Another surviving product is "Postal Bank Wealth Tianyi Hongjin Shortest Holding 365 Days No. 1", fixed income type, which began to be raised on December 30 last year, officially operated on January 4 this year, and the cumulative net value on February 8 was 1.0011.
According to the "Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Pensions", the financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund accounts include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public funds, etc.
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products was launched, marking that individual pension investors can officially purchase wealth management products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the "Interim Measures for the Management of Individual Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies."
The Measures stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management products, individual pension insurance products, individual pension public fund products and other personal pension products through individual pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice clarifying that the individual pension system will be implemented in 36 pilot cities and regions, including Beijing and Tianjin, as well as Shijiazhuang, Xiong'an New Area and Jincheng City in Shanxi.
By the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million individual pension participants, 6.13 million contributors, and a total contribution amount of 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal pension savings, individual pension insurance products and individual pension public funds.
Nowadays, after personal pension financial products are also gathered, how should investors choose?
Experts from the R&D Department of BOCOM Wealth Management Products said that compared with other personal pension products, the pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products in the pilot stage have three characteristics.
The first is robustness, the risk management mechanism is more sound, the investment strategy and concept are more stable, and the implementation of third-party independent custody of the non-parent bank.
The second is long-term, the term of pension financial products in the pilot stage is 5 years and above, and the shortest holding period of personal pension financial products issued in the next step is 1 year in principle, and it is encouraged to hold for more than 3 years.
The third is inclusiveness, the product purchase threshold is low, the starting point is generally 1 yuan, some as low as 0.01 yuan, the product custody fee, management fee and other rates are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of long term, higher interest rate and high security, which is suitable for people with weak risk tolerance; Individual pension insurance products focus on protection, which is more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable income; Personal pension financial products and public fund products do not guarantee capital or income, there are certain investment risks, but the expected returns are high, suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk-bearing ability.
Text/Reporter Cheng Jie Coordinator/Chi Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust - Chinanews.com
Another big gym "Thunderstorm"?
Recently, the issue of protecting the rights of members of Zhongjian Fitness in well-known fitness institutions has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally, and subsequently, rumors about the collapse of the institution caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of public security and human resources and social security departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the institution responded and promised to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the turmoil was calmed down.
Some stores of some fitness institutions have business problems and are temporarily closed, consumers can be calm and wait for the problem to be solved, why is the first reaction of many members is "something is not good"?
Behind the storm of health club members' rights protection is the deep-seated problem of the industry's trust crisis.
Domestic traditional gyms generally adopt a prepaid model, and "making money that users do not come" is the underlying logic of their development.
Obtaining cash flow through pre-selling membership cards and constantly opening new stores seems to be able to repeat itself, but in fact, it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative information in industries such as gym runs is frequently reported, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the perspective of market prospects, gyms are certainly a good business with "money".
The fitness track, despite its ups and downs, has always received capital attention.
A number of data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption and other fields continues to rise, and the market continues to recover.
Specific to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards, the concept of healthy life is deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, and the development of the fitness industry is promising.
The better the situation, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption, just came out of the crisis, and sounded the clarion call to open up territory, and invested financing funds in the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that in recent years, affected by the epidemic, many institutions have withdrawn, the industry has been reshuffled, and powerful enterprises have selectively increased their acquisition efforts and rearranged at this time, which is not a new opportunity.
However, if the development of the fitness market wants to enter a virtuous circle and move up the road of stability and long-term prosperity, the industry must change the traditional model and change the business strategy.
Only by steadily and steadily re-establishing consumers' trust and sense of security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared with building new stores to seize the market, the fitness industry currently needs to sink down to optimize services and stabilize users with high-quality development.
First of all, rely on service to retain users.
Gym belongs to the service industry, its essence is to adhere to "user orientation", to closely focus on user needs, to focus on service quality upgrade.
Second, digital transformation is needed to improve user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gym model realizes user pay-per-use and venue selection.
At the same time, body data and exercise data can be effectively used, and social needs can be met to achieve a complete service closed loop from online to offline.
Without personal training sales, no huge annual passes, users' worries about the "running away" of fitness institutions are reduced, and trust is improved.
In addition, we must actively explore diversified business formats.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to scene consumption, fitness clubs are expected to become a new entrance to consumption, and peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment required for fitness may become new profit points, providing consumers with richer choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy expensive and return the difference!
Nanjing property market reproduces "price difference compensation"-Chinanews.com
Yangtze Evening News (Reporter Ma Zuobo) Yangtze Evening News/Purple Cow News reporter found in an interview on the 10th that the "price insurance agreement" that has not been seen for more than ten years has returned to the Nanjing property market, and a real estate project located in Jiangbei New District claims that the "price difference compensation", before the handover of other listings, the discount is greater than the previous discount, and the developer is willing to change houses for buyers and refund the difference.
There are quite a few conditions for a "price insurance agreement"
The property in Jiangbei New District is called Poly Yangzi Cuiyuntai, and Mr. Sun, a house watcher, told reporters that he found a "statement" while visiting the property last weekend.
The picture he sent to reporters shows that the developer of the real estate promises that if the property is purchased between February 1 and February 28, from the date of signing the sales contract between the two parties to the delivery of the corresponding listing, if the discount of other listings in the project is greater than the discount enjoyed by the previous purchase (limited to other unsold commercial houses belonging to the same type, the same building, the same unit, and the same property type as the commercial house), the developer can exchange houses for the buyer and refund the difference.
Mr. Sun said that the property consultant said that this is actually a "price insurance agreement", the purpose of which is to let buyers feel at ease, do not have to worry about the development company's price reduction promotion, "now I am afraid that after buying it, I will reduce the price, go to the sales office to make trouble, there is no time, if you do not make trouble, it is indeed comfortable."
There are also many buyers who believe that although the "price insurance agreement" is giving buyers a "reassuring pill", the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a just-needed house in Jiangbei, said that the insured housing must first be the same type, but also in the same building and the same unit, and there are few houses that buyers can compare prices with, so the "threshold" is still quite high.
Some buyers believe that due to information asymmetry, additional concessions are not ruled out when selling, and it is not easy for buyers to "protect their rights".
It remains to be seen whether it will be possible to retain buyers
The reporter inquired on Nanjing online real estate and learned that the property was sold in November last year for a total of 252 houses in the two buildings, with a unit area of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., and the average price of full decoration sales was 39,843 yuan / ㎡.
However, more than two months later, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the property is currently 157 units, accounting for 62.3%, of which Building 8 has a total of 128 units, the number of unsold units reaches 113 sets, and 44 sets of 124 units in Building 7 are also unsold, and the total number of completed units of the project is only 33 sets, accounting for only 13%.
According to market sources, the "price insurance agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, Hengtang Xiyuan, a real estate project on Huangshan Road in Hexi, launched the "Price Insurance Plan" in order to attract the attention of buyers, the specific content of which was "the company solemnly promises that if the preferential range of the project is expanded within one year, the company will refund the difference to the old owner according to the difference".
Since then, in April 2011, 9 real estate projects in Nanjing have taken out some listings and promised to "pay the difference".
"The property market is picking up, and at this time, a 'booster' is needed.
Mr. Shen, a senior trader in Nanjing's real estate industry, said that the "price insurance agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of real estate enterprises.
He believes that developers need confidence more than buyers, and the introduction of "price insurance agreements" is actually encouraging them.
As for whether it can retain buyers, he said that it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds, and it remains to be seen for now.
A number of data recession Taiwan's economy began the year with poor performance-Chinanews.com
Taipei, Feb. 11 (Xinhua) -- Export trade volume is "five blacks", the manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) has tightened for seven consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has seen "three characters"... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
According to expert analysis, Taiwan's economy began the year with poor performance and growth pressure was not small.
According to the financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan's exports in January this year amounted to $31.51 billion, down 21.2 percent year-on-year, marking the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
Exports of 11 major export categories declined compared to the same period last year.
Plastic rubber and its products and optical equipment fell the most, down 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
Exports of electronic components fell by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits decreased by 18.3% year-on-year, the largest decline in 14 years.
Cai Meina, director of the department's statistics department, said that this shows that the weak demand effect of the consumer electronics industry has spread, and the electronics industry has entered a correction period.
Statistics show that Taiwan's imports and exports fell in January, with an excess of only US$2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities believes that the global terminal demand has decreased, the industrial adjustment of inventories has inhibited manufacturers' willingness to buy materials, and it is difficult to see an improvement in the short-term export decline, and Taiwan's export recession in the first quarter of this year may be higher than expected.
According to Taiwan's Chung Hua Institute of Economic Research, Taiwan's manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) in January this year was 40.4% seasonally adjusted, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, tightening for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring index system, the PMI is 50% as the glory and dry line, and the index is greater than 50%, which represents economic expansion, and vice versa.
Among the five components of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders, production and labor employment tightened, supplier delivery times declined, and inventories tightened.
All six major industries reported PMI contraction, with the power and machinery and equipment industry (35.1%), electronics and optical industry (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), basic raw materials industry (42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%) and food and textile industry (45.7%) in order of tightening rate.
In terms of prices, the "Comptroller's Office" of the Taiwan authorities announced that the annual growth rate of Taiwan's CPI in January this year was 3.04%, and it has broken through 3% again since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared 28.25%, hitting a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, a special member of Taiwan's "General Accounting Office", said frankly that the price increase in vegetable prices did exceed expectations, excluding the Spring Festival factor, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year, and inflationary pressure still exists and is still at a high point.
Looking forward to Taiwan's economy this year, experts expressed pessimism based on media reports on the island such as Lianhe Pao and Yahoo Finance.
Wu Daren, a professor at the Department of Economics of Taiwan's "Central University", analyzed that the export recession may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturing manufacturers, and the risk of debt default will increase.
At the same time, the reduction in orders has led manufacturers to cut labor costs, affecting the labor market and household economy, which in turn affects consumption capacity.
Chiu Tat-seng, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, believes that this year's inflation situation in Europe and the United States is unresolved, demand continues to shrink, and it is expected that Taiwan's export recession will continue to the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, due to the impact of sluggish exports, the annual economic growth performance will not be as good as last year.
"An important engine of global recovery" - Chinanews.com
"In response to the impact of the new crown epidemic, China's economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Julio Ríos, a well-known Spanish expert on China and honorary advisor of China Policy Observation Network, said in an interview with this reporter a few days ago that China's epidemic prevention and control has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
Rios said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has calmly responded with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully demonstrating its economic resilience and management level.
While China unswervingly expands its opening up, the endogenous driving force of economic development continues to increase, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises develop in a coordinated manner.
Every year, the National People's Congress of China and the National People's Congress are held, and the deputies and members discuss the country's development plans and hot issues of people's livelihood, extensively condensing consensus, people's hearts and wisdom, and adding strength to China's development.
"Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered a stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to China's wisdom and solutions, and that China's development will bring new opportunities to the world.
At present, China is fully promoting scientific and technological innovation to inject new impetus into economic and social development, "capital investment, talent training, policy incentives, which make China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
In Ríos' view, economic restructuring is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China has brought into play not only the advantages of the market economy but also the superiority of the socialist system, and adopted proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Focusing on the strategic base point of expanding domestic demand, increase financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the multi-level and diversified consumption needs of the people... China's complete, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development concept, focusing on promoting high-quality development and building a new development pattern will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
"Economic stabilization and recovery after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
Rios said that he expects the cooperation to jointly build the "Belt and Road" to continue to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of various countries and strengthening the connectivity of various fields, and continue to release greater momentum.
(Madrid Telegram)
(People's Daily reporter Yan Huan)
Report: The number of international students returning to China to seek employment in 2022 reached a new high-Chinanews.com
Top 10 overseas students returning to China to seek employment in 2022 Source: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
Beijing, Feb. 11 (Menrui) -- According to the "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") recently released, the scale of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of international students returning to China to seek employment reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises also showed an upward trend.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of returnees seeking employment in China has increased significantly, and the number of fresh international students returning to China to seek employment has increased.
Compared with 2021, the scale of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to China to seek employment reached a new high.
From the distribution of study countries for returning international students, the UK accounted for the highest proportion at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), ranking in line with 2021.
From the perspective of year-on-year growth, the number of fresh international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore in 2022 increased sharply year-on-year, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of fresh international students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia decreased year-on-year.
Supply and demand trend of returnee talents in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023 Source: "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
According to the survey, 58% of international students who decided to return to China believe that "life in China is more convenient", 40% decided to return to China because they "more identify with the cultural environment of China", 32% believe that "there are more domestic employment opportunities", and 22% believe that domestic economic activities will accelerate recovery and provide more employment opportunities.
The data shows that the current demand of domestic enterprises for overseas talents is rapidly released, and the demand for overseas returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of priority positions for overseas returnees and the number of returnees seeking employment in China both showed an upward trend, with the number of priority positions for returnees on February 3 increasing by 11% compared with January 28, and the number of returnees seeking jobs increasing by 27%.
From the perspective of industry, among the priority positions for overseas returnees in 2022, the number of positions from the education/training industry accounted for 27.8%, ranking first, and the professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1% respectively.
Changes in the number of returnees seeking employment in China in recent years Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
From the perspective of salary, the average recruitment salary of priority positions for overseas returnees has been higher for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan / month in 2022 (RMB, the same below), an increase of 961 yuan or 7% over 13,719 yuan / month in 2021.
In terms of regions, the willingness of overseas returnees to go to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier cities and below in 2022 will increase, with the proportion of deliveries in 2022 being 31%, 15.7% and 14.3% respectively, all higher than the proportion of deliveries in 2021.
For the gains from studying abroad, 52.7% of overseas returnees said that they basically met expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points over the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said they were above or much higher than expected, which was also higher than 25.4% in 2021.
(End)
Save half or more?
Henan Province standardizes the integration of oral implant medical service prices-Zhongxin.com
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but for a long time, the price of tens of thousands of yuan has made many patients prohibitive.
Since the beginning of this year, with the acceleration of dental implant procurement, all localities have also put the price reduction of dental implants on the agenda.
From February 10, the price of a single conventional dental implant in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the cost of the whole process of a single conventional implant is not higher than 97% of the control target.
Dental implants refer to a type of missing tooth restoration that supports and holds the upper dental restoration based on the lower structure implanted in bone tissue.
The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that taking a single conventional planting as an example, from planting to final restoration, the price is about 16,700 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that in my case, it is almost 8,000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, which can basically save half.
On the basis of the current project, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 oral implant medical service price items such as "implant implant fee (single)", and unified the price and medical insurance payment categories of provincially managed public medical institutions, and cancelled or adjusted 20 medical service price items such as dental implant implantation.
Li Yunjie, Director of the Pharmaceutical Price and Bidding and Procurement Department of Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the four parties, one is medical insurance, and the expenditure on medical insurance is less; The pressure in the hospital is less, and the number of patients will increase appropriately; A market is obtained for suppliers; For our patients, the most beneficial party, the cost of a dental implant may be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: To build the first speedy pioneer city in China and the world's leading city - Chinanews.com
According to the news of the WeChat public account of "Shenzhen Industry and Information Technology" on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen Speedy Pioneer City Construction Action Plan".
It is proposed that by the end of 2023, a high-speed, large-capacity, low-latency super broadband network will be built, and the "dual gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and Internet of Everything" network construction goals will be achieved, and the world's first and world-leading ultra-fast pioneer city will be built.
The "Plan" proposes to accelerate the upgrade of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, 10G PON ports will account for 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The Plan calls for comprehensively improving the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Research and formulate Shenzhen 5G network service quality specifications and standards, carry out 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve 5G network service quality.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, adding 10,000 5G base stations throughout the year, the city's average download rate reaches 500Mbps, the uplink rate reaches 100Mbps, and the download rate in key areas reaches 1000Mbps and the uplink rate reaches 200Mbps, greatly improving network speed and user experience.
Create a city-level high-quality wireless LAN.
Formulate wireless local area network (WLAN) service specifications in public places, promote WLAN upgrades in areas with dense personnel and concentrated information consumption demand in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Relying on the "deep i network" to build a unified certification and supervision platform for the city's public wireless LAN, realize "one-time authentication, unconscious roaming, and intelligent switching", and support operators to include social self-built APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities into the certification supervision platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APs will not be less than 20,000.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical transportation capacity network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve Internet application service capabilities.
The "Plan" is clear and collaboratively builds an IoT perception system.
Explore the construction and management mode of urban sensing terminal based on the "open source Hongmeng" operating system, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT sensing platform, and promote urban IoT platform, professional IoT platform network and data interconnection in various fields.
Deepen the application of IoT sensing in urban management, people's livelihood services, public safety, transportation and other fields, and expand fixed sensing channels such as urban roads, buildings, and public facilities, and mobile sensing collection channels such as intelligent networked vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water and electricity IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The Plan also mentions strengthening the integrated application of satellite and ground communications, laying out low-altitude network infrastructure construction, and promoting deep coverage of maritime 5G networks.
At the same time, we will promote the deep coverage of maritime 5G networks, build an industrial innovation and development ecosystem, and support the holding of top-level events and activities.
(Zhongxin Finance)
China's e-commerce industry has emerged "new variables", how to achieve "content is king" with goods?
- Chinanews.com
Chinanews.com, February 11 Question: China's e-commerce industry has emerged "new variables", how to bring goods to achieve "content is king"?
Zhongxin financial reporter Xia Bin
"We were late to e-commerce, but we realized from the beginning that content was important if we wanted to stand out from thousands of stores.
Fangfang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, now runs a nourishing ingredient store on Douyin e-commerce, allowing an offline store with a history of more than 30 years to "bloom" online.
Imitate the tune of the old Hong Kong film, accompanied by classic Cantonese songs, open the @Fangfang One Food Douyin account, and the beautiful video is refreshing.
At the recently held Douyin e-commerce "Find Companions - High-quality Content Sharing Session", Fang Fang, as a representative of high-quality creators, spoke at the scene and introduced her daily creation experience and experience.
She said at the scene: "The carefully polished video has attracted the attention of many netizens, and many people are interested in my family's ingredients and want to make food together, and the sales channel suddenly opened."
”
Fang Fang relied on the soup video to make more people fall in love with the "taste of Lao Guang", selling up to 300,000 nutritious ingredients in a live broadcast, saving the old store that was on the verge of bankruptcy.
"No content, no e-commerce", with the continuous development of short video and live broadcast e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of the development of live streaming goods, live broadcast rooms often attracted users with low-price discounts, and price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there are not only phenomenal big Vs such as Liu Genghong and Oriental Selection, but also many unknown experts and merchants in vertical segments, who continue to create high-quality content in line with their own brand tonality to improve long-term business efficiency.
Gao Yaxuan, head of Douyin e-commerce star author operations, said that 6.27 million creators have monetized their content through Douyin e-commerce in the past year, and their content creation has increased by 252%, and the total turnover has more than doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving and vigorous author ecology.
Gao Yaxuan said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "E-commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report", which analyzed the importance of high-quality content, the "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry, from the data dimension, and used the index to evaluate the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China.
According to the content ecological health index ranking of the e-commerce industry in the above report, Douyin e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com ranked in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept, is to integrate e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, good PGC (professionally produced content) and UGC (user-generated content) is a high-quality carrier for integration with e-commerce, the higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce implantation, the stronger the commercial value. The proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption that is gradually integrated and distributed between the public and private sectors will be higher.
At the scene, Yu Guoming, professor of the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, analyzed and interpreted the Report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumption accessibility" to "consumption quality" stage, and high-quality, professional and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and starting point for the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge payment, professional knowledge, and KOLs (key opinion leaders) have begun to become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the overall improvement of the health and quality of e-commerce content ecology from the perspective of content structure improvement, create positive content creation and management standards, and achieve the content ecological health system index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce industry.
The other is from the perspective of the external ecology, to achieve the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
"In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more data and artificial intelligence support to form a prediction of future development stability; In addition, it provides merchants with more standardized and healthy growth space, realizes the value synergy of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and creates a healthy content ecology.
(End)
BSE margin trading business to start next week-Chinanews.com
Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange released news that with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched on February 13, when securities companies that have obtained the trading authority of margin trading on the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept the entrustment of investors to declare margin trading and securities trading to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first batch of 56 margin trading target stocks is determined on January 31, 2023 as the calculation base date.
According to the BSE, the list of stocks subject to margin lending and the list of securities that can be covered with margin will be announced through the "Information Disclosure - Margin Lending Information" column on the official website of the BSE to facilitate investors' inquiries.
Margin trading is an important basic system in the securities market and a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on margin trading and securities lending.
The launch of margin trading on the BSE is an important measure to continuously promote the construction of the BSE market system, improve the trading mechanism, and improve the pricing function of the secondary market.
The margin trading system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting investors' diversified trading needs, promoting market price discovery, and further enhancing market liquidity.
In the next step, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do a good job in guaranteeing margin trading and securities lending, enrich trading system tools guided by investor needs, improve relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange serving innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech-Chinanews.com
Beijing, 11 Feb (Xinhua) -- On 11 February, the 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing in a combination of online and offline mode.
He Lifeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and chairman of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in Bangkok and strengthen China-Japan cooperation in green development.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of development mode, further promote the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, coordinate to promote carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation and intensification, green and low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people exchanges, and push the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasuminoru Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by China's National Development and Reform Commission and Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan and the Japan-China Economic Association, and included four sub-forums: energy efficiency improvement, vehicle electrification and intelligence, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan.
Representatives from Chinese and Japanese governments, enterprises and institutions had exchanges.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people-Chinanews.com
According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on February 11, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team that was searching and rescuing in Turkey sent three operational detachments and 45 rescue team members to rescue one trapped person.
At the same time, two search and evaluation teams were dispatched to evaluate and inspect 15 buildings on Wodabash Street.
So far, a total of 4 trapped people have been rescued, 5 victims have been searched, and 25 badly collapsed buildings have been carried out for vital signs and risk assessments.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation of the disaster area and the rescue site, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work.
The rescue team obtains rescue information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verifies them one by one through online inquiries, on-site searches and other methods.
Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapse to the rescue team in Hong Kong, China, and jointly carry out search operations.
At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team, and at the same time sends 3 team members to participate in the work of the No. 5 Regional Rescue Coordination Center, communicate with Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman and other teams, and learn about the rescue work of United Nations rescue organizations and rescue teams in various countries.
The rescue team continues to strengthen safety management and team protection, in accordance with the principle of "unified command, safety first", strengthen safety control at the rescue site, strengthen the discipline requirements of rescue work, and clarify safety precautions.
Continue to operate the system of rotation readiness and sentry work, and strengthen the safety management of the camp.
The medical staff of the rescue team provide physical examination services for the team members every day, strengthen the medical protection of key personnel, and all members of the rescue team are in good health and carry out camp sanitize.
Since the establishment of the camp, the logistics support team members have set up a total of 26 field tents in four categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical cleaning, living accommodation and kennels, and more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.
Xinhua News Agency commentator: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - four theories to deeply understand General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China - China News Network
Beijing, 11 Feb (Xinhua) -- Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project -- the four theses profoundly understand General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress
Xinhua News Agency commentator
"Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project, which requires overall planning, systematic planning, and overall promotion, and correctly handles a series of major relationships such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and strategy, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and opening up.
"At the opening ceremony of the seminar for new members and alternate members of the Central Committee and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to study and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the law of modernization, deeply and systematically elaborated a series of major relationships that need to be handled well in practice, and provided us with a scientific methodology for vigorously promoting Chinese-style modernization."
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves economic, political, cultural, social, ecological civilization and other fields, and is related to the management of the party, the country, the military, internal affairs, foreign affairs, national defense and other aspects.
To carry out top-level design, it is necessary to have a deep insight into the general trend of world development, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, deeply explore the law of economic and social development, and make the formulated planning and policy system reflect the times, grasp the regularity, be creative, and achieve the integration of far and near, the top and bottom are connected, and the content is coordinated.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are still many unknown areas, which need to be boldly explored in practice, and promote the development of the cause through reform and innovation.
The strategic issue is a fundamental issue for a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to enhance the forward-looking strategy, foresee and lead the future with a scientific strategy; It is necessary to enhance the overall nature of the strategy, focusing on solving major issues related to the success or failure of the cause of the party and the country, and affecting the whole body; It is necessary to enhance the stability of the strategy, and once the strategy is formed, it must be persisted in for a long time, grasped to the end, and done well.
It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical unity relationship between strategy and tactics, organically combine the principles of strategy with the flexibility of strategy, be flexible and flexible, adapt to changes, make decisions at the moment, and grasp the strategic initiative in adapting measures to local conditions, moving according to the situation, and acting according to the trend.
The Chinese nation is a nation that abides by integrity and innovation.
To properly handle the relationship between integrity and innovation, we must not only guard the origin and source, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, and ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively identify and adapt to changes, vigorously promote reform and innovation, constantly shape new momentum and new advantages for development, and fully stimulate the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important foundation for fairness, and fairness is a strong guarantee of efficiency.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also more effectively safeguard social fairness, and better realize the balance, promotion and unity of efficiency and fairness.
We should properly handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, continuously realize that development is for the people, development depends on the people, and the fruits of development are shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization will benefit all the people more and more fairly.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to properly handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both dynamic and stable and orderly.
It is necessary to make overall plans for the two major affairs of development and security, implement the overall concept of national security, improve the national security system, enhance the ability to maintain national security, and firmly safeguard the security of state power, system, ideology and key areas.
It not only gives more consideration to security factors in development, enhances national security strength through development, and uses development achievements to consolidate the foundation of national security, but also is good at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, constantly stimulating development vitality, and achieving a benign interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only adhere to our own path, but also expand the world's vision, adhere to opening up to the outside world, and constantly expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must persist in independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, persist in placing the development of the country and the nation on the basis of our own strength, and persist in firmly grasping the destiny of China's development and progress in our own hands.
It is necessary to continuously expand high-level opening up, deeply participate in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, and share development opportunities and create a better future in mutual benefit and win-win results.
Only by following the path can we go far.
Under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core and under the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, let us grasp the law, act resolutely, give full play to our enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, correctly handle a series of major relationships, work the new journey of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way, and constantly open up a new realm of Chinese-style modernization.
The Biden administration blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of being involved in Chinese the spy balloon program this Friday (February 10).
The Commerce Department said the five Chinese companies and one research institute helped modernize China's military, especially aerospace programs, including airships and aircraft.
Blacklisted companies have difficulty accessing U.S. technology exports.
The list is called an "entity list," and companies on the list will not be able to buy technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they have a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., the 48th Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
That comes after the White House said it was considering broader measures to "expose and handle" China's larger surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident sparked further tensions between China and the United States, with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken canceling a trip to China.
When the United States shot down the balloon on February 4, the Chinese government lodged solemn representations with the US Embassy in China, criticizing the United States for seriously impacting and damaging the efforts and process of stabilizing Sino-US relations.
From the available evidence of wreckage and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the U.S. government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon was "directly related to the People's Liberation Army" and was an approved supplier by the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a news conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and stated its position on the accidental incident of a Chinese unmanned civilian airship mistakenly entering US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the US Congress are pure political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied with and resolutely opposes this.
Matthew Axelrod, Assistant Secretary for Export Enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce, said: "Today's action demonstrates our joint efforts to identify and deter China's use of spy balloons that violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
”
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co. said he was not aware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© Deutsche Welle 2023 Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
Days after earthquakes struck parts of Turkey and Syria Chinese, there is little hope of finding survivors, but the rescue of a family of five rescued on Saturday is a source of great relief.
In the hardest-hit town of Nurdayi in Gaziantep province, the family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under rubble for more than five days, according to the Associated Press.
Search and rescue crews first pulled the mother and daughter from a pile of rubble and then found the father, but he insisted that his son and another daughter be saved first.
When they were all rescued, cheers rang out from the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued under harsh cold weather conditions.
"What day is it?
The teenager, who had been trapped under the rubble for 129 hours, asked the search and rescue workers who rescued him after being brought back to the ground.
A man in Kahramanmaraş holds his newly rescued cat
The miraculous rescue success has brought a glimmer of hope to the already hopeless search and rescue effort, but at the same time, the number of victims is rising.
Monday's quake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey and is estimated at more than 3,500 in neighboring Syria, according to official statistics.
While experts say people can survive more than a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly slim.
Rescuers are still using thermal imagers to look for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of relief efforts has shifted to helping survivors in desperate need.
UN official: A disaster "unseen in a century" in the region
Martin Griffiths, the UN Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, told a news conference in Turkey that the quake was "the worst disaster in a century" in the region.
He also praised Turkey's post-disaster response as "extraordinary."
He also told Reuters that he hoped to provide aid to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but added that the matter was "not yet clear."
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief donations to people affected by the earthquake in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations had announced $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Chile earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a seismic moment scale of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was in ruins.
The huge tsunami that followed the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, setting off a huge tsunami with a height of 25 meters.
The tsunami spread to distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of victims and economic losses caused by a disaster of this magnitude cannot be accurately known.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday, which was also Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history struck Alaska, USA, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Alaska earthquake remained the third largest earthquake on record.
At the time of the earthquake, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate broke near the College Fjord in Prince William Sound.
In most areas, the earthquake lasted between 3 and 5 minutes.
The displacement of the seabed caused a huge tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Since it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake killed 139 people.
Nine of them died directly from the earthquake and the other 130 died as a result of the tsunami triggered by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or higher struck Tangshan City and Fengnan County in Hebei Province, China.
The epicenter is 23 kilometers above the ground.
Transportation, communications, water supply and power supply in Tangshan City were interrupted and razed to the ground in an instant.
The earthquake was also felt in the capital Beijing, 140 kilometers away.
According to official statistics, the earthquake killed 242769 people and seriously injured 164851 in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second most fatal earthquake recorded in China, after the 1556 Jiajing earthquake.
But some overseas scientists estimate that the quake may have killed at least 650,000 people.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Indian Ocean Earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 km west of Aceh Province on the Indonesian island of Sumatra, with a focal depth of 30 km and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with waves of 15 to 30 meters high.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the hardest-hit areas including the Indonesian province of Aceh, the resorts of Ho Li and Phuket in Thailand, Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil Pradesh.
It was the peak tourist season for Christmas, and a large number of tourists and local residents gathered in the affected area, resulting in many tourists enjoying holidays on the beach and locals working by the sea being swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, making many people missing from the earthquake.
It is estimated that at least 300,000 people have been killed and missing.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake struck the Wenchuan area of Sichuan Province, China.
According to the China Earthquake Administration, the earthquake had an area wave magnitude of 8.2 and a moment magnitude of 8.3, and the damage area exceeded 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had killed a total of 69,227 people, 17,923 people were missing, 374643 were injured to varying degrees, and 19,930,300 people lost their homes, bringing the total number of people affected to 46,256,000.
It is the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and it is also the heaviest casualty after the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day to strengthen education and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation.
Since then, governments and primary and secondary schools in many places in China have held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to pay attention to universal education on "earthquake prevention and disaster reduction".
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale struck the Caribbean island nation of Haiti.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of Port-au-Prince, Haiti's capital, and the epicenter was about 13 kilometers above the surface.
The International Committee of the Red Cross estimates that approximately 3 million people were affected by the earthquake.
The Haitian government has announced more than 200,000 confirmed deaths.
In some parts of Haiti, as many as 90 per cent of houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite substantial assistance and support from the international community, this impoverished and corrupt country has never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquake in the world in 60 years
Great Tohoku Earthquake (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large thrust zone earthquake with a moment magnitude of 9.0 struck off the coast of Tohoku, Japan.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, and the depth of the epicenter was measured to be 24 kilometers, and a huge tsunami with a maximum climb of 40.1 meters was triggered.
The earthquake was the first earthquake recorded in Japan to exceed magnitude 9.
Some 22,000 people were killed in the disaster and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant was affected by an earthquake and tsunami and a leakage accident.
The accident was classified as the most severe level 7 in the International Nuclear Event Classification Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident resulted in the worldwide measurement of trace amounts of radioactive substances, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (half-life of 30 years).
A large number of radioisotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to United Nations statistics, at least 870,000 people in the disaster areas of Turkey and Syria are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes to the earthquake.
The World Food Programme (WFP) has appealed for $77 million to feed people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the affected area is as low as freezing, and many of the affected people have no shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still struggling to reach many people in need.
And in Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has exacerbated the misery of the population.
Within four days of the quake, WFP had provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tonnes of medical supplies for trauma management and emergency surgery.
(AP, Reuters, etc.)
© Deutsche Welle 2023 Copyright Notice: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Notice: The Police Force urges members of the public to watch out for fraudulent text messages from counterfeit telecommunications companies
Recently, the Judicial Police Bureau has received a number of telecommunications fraud cases in which criminals impersonate local telecommunications companies to send fraudulent text messages with website links to the subjects, using the bait that the points must be redeemed as soon as possible when they expire, tricking the victims into logging on to the fake websites for redemption.
The subject entered the credit card information and verification code as instructed, and immediately received a notification from the financial institution that the credit card had an unknown consumption record, and suspected that the credit card information had been stolen through the above website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above SMS.
The Police Force urges members of the public to be vigilant when receiving similar SMS messages and not to log in to the websites contained in the SMS or provide any personal data; If you are required to provide credit card information, account transaction password, transaction verification code, you should be extra cautious to prevent credit card theft.
Anti-scam tips:
1. Pay more attention to network security information and improve personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not log in to websites from unknown sources and register personal and credit card information on the websites to prevent theft;
3. Be wary of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website URL is completely consistent with the official website;
4. Install anti-virus software for mobile phones, mobile devices or computers, and update them regularly;
5. If you suspect that you have encountered fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Fraud Prevention Enquiry Hotline of the Police Force at 8800 7777 or the Reporting Hotline 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: Hong Kong Expedition Visits Macao's Tourist Attractions to Attract Hong Kong Visitors and Expand Hong Kong and Macau "Online Tours"
MGTO organized a large-scale Hong Kong delegation of over 100 people from the tourism department, tourism industry and media of the Hong Kong Government to Macao, with a two-day (10th and 11th) programme of working meetings and industry negotiations, as well as representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and media visiting various tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macao in batches, introducing the latest Macao tourism products to the Hong Kong market, and promoting cultural and tourism linkage between the two places to jointly explore the "online and travel" market in Hong Kong and Macao.
Visit to introduce new tourism games in Macao
The 100-person delegation from Hong Kong, including heads of tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong Government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transport operators from Hong Kong and Macao, about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, online media representatives and bloggers/influencers, etc., visited Macao for exchange and study tour to learn about Macao's latest tourism resources, and Hong Kong industry and media brought Macao tourism to Hong Kong residents and visitors to expand the "online travel" market between Hong Kong and Macao by taking advantage of Hong Kong's transportation hub.
Two-day close itinerary to find business opportunities and increase publicity
Yesterday and today, the delegation visited the World Heritage Site "Historic Centre of Macau", experienced the Macao Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel through Sambus" – Ruins of St. Paul's Immersive Digital Experience Exhibition, Macau Club, Taipa Old Town, as well as a number of major resort hotels and facilities: Grand Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, MGM COTAI, Morphes, The Londoner Macao, Galaxy Macau, City of Dreams' Artelli Multi-dimensional Art Space and The Venetian Macao's teamLab Supernatural Space.
Through visiting Macao's tourism facilities and experiencing Macao's "Tourism+" elements, the delegation members shared Macao's tourism resources and travel experience with Hong Kong residents, and integrated the promotion and sales of Macao's latest tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong Visitors and Expanding Hong Kong and Macao "Connected Travel"
Taking advantage of the resumption of customs clearance, MGTO launched a promotional campaign in the Hong Kong market and launched various offers, including the launch of round-trip transportation ticketing offers to Hong Kong and Macau, and the launch of new promotional videos on online and offline platforms.
Following the invitation of Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to visit Macao last month and the experience of Macao's "Tourism+" by Hong Kong internet celebrities, this time we once again organised a visit to Macao by representatives of the Hong Kong tourism industry and the media, stepped up marketing efforts to attract Hong Kong tourists to stay and spend in Macao, and the industry of the two places also discussed joint efforts to expand the "online and travel" market in Hong Kong and Macao, jointly expand the mainland and overseas markets, and promote the recovery of tourism in the two places.
Xi Jinping replied to the letter and encouraged the members of the Chinese medical team in China and Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence and tell China's story well with practical actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping replied to the letter and encouraged the members of the Chinese medical team to aid China and Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, and tell China's story well with practical actions
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Responsible editor: Li Xifeng] Font: [large medium small]
Beijing, 10 Feb (Xinhua) -- On 9 February, Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, state president, and chairman of the Central Military Commission, wrote back to the 19th batch of members of the Chinese medical team assisting the Central African Republic, extending greetings and ardent expectations to them and the vast number of medical team members assisting foreign countries.
Xi Jinping said in his reply that you have overcome difficulties in work and life in China and Africa and served the local people with heart, which is not only a white-clothed angel who saves lives and helps the wounded, but also a friendly messenger who transmits friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China's foreign aid medical team, and I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are carrying out medical aid missions with those who have been carrying out foreign aid medical missions.
Xi Jinping pointed out that Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign medical aid is a vivid embodiment.
I hope that you will not forget your original intention, keep your mission in mind, vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team that is not afraid of hardship, willing to dedicate, save lives and help the wounded, and have boundless love, benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, tell Chinese stories well with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a human health community.
Foreign aid medical care is an important part of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, we sent the First Support Foreign Medical Corps to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, it has dispatched 30,000 medical teams to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, treating 290 million patients, winning widespread praise from the international community.
At present, foreign medical teams work in 115 medical sites in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of China-Africa medical teams wrote to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on the implementation of the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, providing medical services for local people, etc., expressing their determination to contribute to the construction of a human health community.
Completion of the seminar for new members, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to study and implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng Online
Newly appointed members and alternate members of the Central Committee and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels completed the seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Responsible editor: Li Sufeng] Font: [large medium small]
Beijing, 10 Feb (Xinhua) -- A seminar for newly appointed members and alternate members of the Central Committee and principal leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels to study and implement Xi Jinping's Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress was completed at the Central Party School (State Administration Academy) on the afternoon of 10 February.
He said that it is necessary to deeply study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the "two establishments" and resolutely achieve the "two safeguards", enhance skills, really do solid work, solidly promote all work of Chinese-style modernization, and create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in comprehensively building a modern socialist country and comprehensively promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
During the seminar, all the participants were guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, conscientiously studied the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges in light of reality, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues in Chinese-style modernization, enhanced their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, and enhanced their performance of duties and responsibilities and do a good job. A sense of responsibility and mission to ensure a good start to the new era and new journey.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar made speeches and shared their learning gains.
Cai Qi said that studying and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is not only the primary political task in the current and future period, but also a long-term strategic task.
It is necessary to have a deeper understanding of the decisive significance of the "two establishments", resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralized and unified leadership, continuously improve political judgment, political comprehension and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core in ideology, politics, and action.
We should strive to master well the ability of looking after Marxist theory, consciously arm our minds with the party's innovative theory, guide practice, and promote work, and make efforts to study, understand, and act conscientiously, so as to truly learn firm conviction, absolute loyalty, and mission commitment.
It is necessary to implement the decisions and arrangements of the 20th CPC National Congress with a spirit of working hard and making progress, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves, work hard, bend down to be a good "construction team leader", and turn the blueprint into reality step by step.
It is necessary to keep in mind that comprehensively administering the party strictly is always on the road and the party's self-revolution is always on the road, tighten and compact the political responsibility of comprehensively administering the party strictly, take the party's political construction as the command, and deeply promote the new great project of party building in the new era.
It is necessary to strengthen the ability to promote high-quality development, serve the masses, prevent and defuse risks, vigorously promote the style of investigation and study, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo and Wang Xiaohong attended the closing ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the closing ceremony.
Google AI chatbot "answers wrong questions" The parent company's stock price lost hundreds of billions of dollars
(Comprehensive 11 days)
Google's new artificial intelligence chatbot Bard "answered the wrong question" in the promotional video, causing the stock price of Google's parent company Alphabet to plunge 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, losing $110 billion (about RM476.5 billion) in market value, and closing at $94.57 on Friday.
The market is worried that Alphabet will not be as good as rival Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google earlier posted a promotional video for the AI chatbot Bard on social media, in which someone asked Bard: "What new discoveries can I tell my 9-year-old about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?"
In his response, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first pictures of an extrasolar planet.
However , according to NASA , the first images of extrasolar planets were taken in 2004 by the Very Large Telescope of the Southern Observatory in Europe.
Reuters even reported with the title "Alphabet's stock price plummeted after Bard's wrong answer".
On the other hand, Google noted that Bard's response "underscores the importance of a rigorous testing process," combining external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards based on quality, safety, and truthful information."
Singapore's tourism industry recovers strongly, with visitor arrivals up 19 times compared to 2021
The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that the number of international visitors to Singapore is expected to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, bringing about S$18 billion to S$21 billion in tourism revenue. Visitor arrivals and tourism revenue will return to about 67% to 75% of pre-pandemic levels in 2019; There is a high probability that the tourism industry will fully recover in 2024.
The Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover in 2022.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, visitor arrivals in 2022 increased 19-fold from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million, surpassing MGTO's earlier estimate of 4 million to 6 million, and tourists have recovered to 33% of pre-pandemic levels.
Singapore's tourism revenue from January to September 2022 totalled S$8.96 billion, and is expected to reach S$13.8 billion to S$14.3 billion for the whole year 2022, up six to seven times from S$1.89 billion in 2021 and recovering to about 50% to 52% of pre-pandemic levels in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of tourism.
In April 2022, the Government announced a allocation of nearly S$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
MGTO has announced that it plans to allocate S$110 million from the budget over the next two years to introduce more business and leisure activities to attract visitors back.
To make wellness one of Singapore's highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board has released a call for expressions on 23 November 2022 to develop a wellness attraction on Singapore's southern coast.
Heng Lingli, Executive Director of Sports and Wellness Tourism at Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put their health at the top of all considerations.
The development of a wellness attraction in the southern Marina district with its gardens by the bay and the Marina Dam is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism industry and economy, allowing tourists to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Mr Tan Kin Lung, Director General of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore's tourism offering in the coming years.
The pandemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, MGTO has been promoting wellness programmes to the local public and international visitors for the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board hosted its inaugural Health and Wellness Festival, offering the public more than 130 wellness activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to offer new travel experiences to its visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Children's Museum of Singapore, Avatar World at Gardens by the Bay, Sentosa Central Beach Market, ArtScience Museum's new 'Explore New Territories' gallery and Night Safari's new amphitheatre, MGTO will support the development and renewal of projects such as the Bird Park at Wildlife World, making Singapore an attractive destination for international travel.
According to the plan, Singapore will set industry standards for the sustainable development of the tourism, convention and incentive tourism by 2023, and focus on improving waste treatment and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
As of 18 December 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, receiving as many as 150,000 passengers per day, or about 1 million per week, equivalent to about 75% of pre-pandemic levels, and the number of employees in the aviation industry has also recovered to about 90% of pre-pandemic levels.
According to the data, Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers from January to October 2022, equivalent to 42% of pre-pandemic flights, and 170,000 takeoffs and landings, 53% of pre-pandemic flights.
The rapid recovery of tourism has also led to the recovery of sectors such as accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping.
The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Kho Suk-tan, Assistant Director of the International Division of the Singapore Tourism Board, said a survey by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore ranked among the top three in the world in terms of safety index, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is loved by Chinese tourists.
Before the pandemic, about 3.6 million people in China traveled to Singapore every year.
With China's relaxation of border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists this year can recover to 30% to 60% of 2019 levels.
Next, MGTO will pay close attention to the signals of China's outbound travel policy to respond to changes in tourist demand, Ke Shudan pointed out.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to welcome Chinese tourists in response to the emerging trend of outbound travel in China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the tourism industry will recover faster than expected as long as there is no significant global recession affecting public revenues, and no more large-scale and deadly outbreaks.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interacted intimately, and his wife was left out in the cold
On the evening of 8 August, the DPRK held a military parade marking the 75th anniversary of Army Day, and Kim Jong-ae, daughter of leader Kim Jong-un, not only attended, but also stood on the rostrum with her father.
North Korean official media announced the film on the 9th, the gold lord love snuggled up to her father, looked at each other warmly several times, whispered, she gently held her father's cheek with both hands, and even touched her father's chest, and the father-daughter interactive picture was broadcast to the whole country.
However, First Lady Li Xuezhu could only retreat to the side.
Comprehensive South Korea's "North Korea News" and other reports, Kim Jong-un, Li Xue-ju and their couple took their daughter Kim Ju-ae to attend the dinner on the 7th, Kim Ju-ae not only rarely sat in the middle C position of his parents, but also took the rostrum with Kim Jong-un at the 75th anniversary military parade on Army Day the next night.
North Korea's official media "North Korea Central Television" later released a film of the military parade, exposing more pictures of the deep relationship between father and daughter.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the rostrum, the smiles on their faces never faded, and they whispered to each other's ears, Kim Jong-un once held his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un also responded with a bright smile.
Other official media footage also showed that Kim Ju-ae and Kim Jong-un kept touching his father's face with his hand when he sat on the indoor sofa chair; As she walked arm in arm with her father, she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hand.
First lady Li Xuezhu could only walk behind or sit on the side the whole time, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that since Kim Ju-ae first appeared in public on November 18 last year, the probability of exposure has been increasing in the past three months, and it has appeared on an official occasion for the fifth time.
North Korean state media used extremely high honorific titles such as dearest children and honorable children when referring to Kim Ju Ai, and also broadcast clips of Kim Ju Ai repeatedly shouting to the death to support the bald blood as he overlooked the parade march from the stands.
These signs have made the outside world wonder whether Kim Ju-ae has been internally designated as the heir to the Kim regime, and the Washington Post analysis believes that "this is a signal that Kim Jong-un will push his middle-school-aged daughter to the position of successor", but there are also views that such a judgment is still premature, and there are still various possibilities in the case of Kim Jong-un having a son under his knees.
Chongyang Q&A—How to view the US non-farm payrolls data in January exceeded expectations and future trends - Economic Observer Network - Professional financial news website
Q: How do you view the US non-farm payrolls data in January exceeding expectations and future trends?
A: On February 3, the US Department of Labor released non-farm payrolls data for January 2023, adding 517,000 non-farm payrolls, significantly higher than market expectations of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest level in nearly 50 years; Hourly earnings grew 4.4% year-over-year and 0.3% month-on-month, slowing slightly.
From the total point of view, there are many one-time and technical factors in this data, such as the return of teachers and staff from strike, the revision of the survey statistical caliber, and the update of the seasonal adjustment factor, which may be revised in the future (referring to the new non-farm payrolls revised down from 504,000 to 364,000 in January 2022), and non-farm payrolls may not be as strong as the data reflects.
From a structural point of view, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is relatively low; New jobs in high-touch service industries such as leisure and hospitality, education and health care have rebounded sharply, and the data shows that the labor gap in the service industry still exists.
Combined with the recovery in the same better-than-expected services PMI, job openings and labor gap data and strong consumer credit data, we judge that the US services sector has ushered in a rapid recovery after extreme weather and holidays.
In our view, the tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market is unlikely to improve without a recession.
At present, there is still a supply gap of more than 5 million yuan in the US labor market, and the labor participation rate is slowly rising, especially the labor force participation rate for 25-54 years old is close to the pre-epidemic high.
In addition, due to the strength of excess savings and consumer credit in the United States, strong consumer demand will further delay the impact of tightening on the job market.
The continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will be the background color of the US economy in 2023.
Coupled with the fact that the end of the interest rate hike is nearing and inflation expectations are constantly repeating, we are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before the release of this data, the US stock and bond exchange market was too optimistic about the Fed's interest rate hike path.
As inflation data continues to improve, the Fed has shortened the pace of interest rate hikes while maintaining a fragile balance of market inflation expectations, but the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed's hawkish statements, not only expecting to stop raising interest rates early, but also expecting two rate cuts at the end of the year.
In the context of tight supply and demand in the labor market and unclear impact of tightening policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance for interest rate hikes at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and the adjustment of extreme market expectations and crowded trading may cause some harm to the market.
Nevertheless, the stubbornness of wage growth is difficult to change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation, with the M2 data turning negative year-on-year and the gradual improvement of various CPI sub-leading indicators, since October the US CPI data has turned to a rapid decline stage, the stubbornness of wage growth will only form a foundation for future inflation data, the current market expectations are difficult to falsify, and the market may enter a new round of game after the next inflation data is released.
Shanshan founder Zheng Yonggang passed away due to sudden heart disease and led the transformation of China's first garment stock - Economic Observation Network - Professional financial news website
Economic Observation Network Reporter Zheng Huixin On February 11, the WeChat public account of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanshan Holdings") released an obituary that Zheng Yonggang, founder of Shanshan Enterprises and chairman of the board of directors of Shanshan Holdings, died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65 due to ineffective treatment of sudden heart disease.
In the 80s of last century, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of the state-owned cotton spinning factory, and with the transfer, in 1989 Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yungang Garment General Factory, the predecessor of Shanshan Co., Ltd.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Business Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Future Stars of Chinese Enterprises, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 90s of last century, the market share of the Shanshan brand was as high as 37%.
In 1996, Shanshan shares (600884. SH) went public, becoming the first listed company in China's garment industry.
Just when the clothing business was in full swing, Shanshan Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that "once the market is opened, Chinese brands will naturally form an echelon brand market, and Shanshan Suit wants to always lead the way, and it is unlikely that it will become the national uniform of Chinese people for a long time".
In 1999, Shanshan began to study enterprise transformation, and Zheng Yonggang recalled, "We came to Shanghai, looking for what the transformation did, and specially found many experts and scholars, and continuously held some Zhuge Liang meetings and retreat seminars.
In the end, we set two broad strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is that great health has a future."
After the strategic direction was determined, Shanshan began to look for cooperation, at that time, Anshan Thermal Energy Institute for Angang supporting the carbon research institute was doing the national 863 project, scientific research funds were not enough, so Shanshan and Anshan Thermal Energy Institute Carbon Research Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 project "mesophase carbon microspheres" project, engaged in the research and development, production and sales of anode materials, and realize the commercial promotion of anode materials in China.
In 2001, Shanshan Co., Ltd. realized the large-scale production of mesophase carbon microspheres and began to replace it locally, replacing Japan as the main supplier of mesophase carbon microspheres in China.
This is the first lithium-ion battery anode material manufacturer in China, and has realized the localization of lithium-ion battery anode materials.
With the rapid popularization of the application of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Shanshan Co., Ltd. began to develop gradually, in 2007, the lithium battery material business was written into the main business of Shanshan Co., Ltd., and the proportion of clothing business revenue decreased year by year, until 2013, Shanshan Co., Ltd.'s lithium battery material business income fully exceeded the clothing business.
In February 2021, Shanshan Co., Ltd. successfully acquired LG Chem's polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established a polarizer enterprise Shanjin Optoelectronics, which has a relatively high technical content in this field, and Shanshan's main competitors are the world's top 500, such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical, and Nitto Denko.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management, "China's private enterprises acquire some international high-tech enterprises, the probability of success is relatively low, why do those acquisitions fail?
Because everyone will think about it, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, right, this is an act that is usually done", but Zheng Yonggang is different, the day of the successful acquisition of Shanshan Zheng, Zheng Yonggang went to Shanjin Optoelectronics to announce in public that Shanshan as the major shareholder of Shanjin, decided to implement one enterprise and two systems, except for Zheng Yonggang as the chairman, the people of Shanshan enterprise are not sent to Shanjin, and the original distribution system, corporate culture, various management and other models remain unchanged.
ICC Xinlu Information released 2022 negative electrode data shows that the shipment volume of Shanshan anode in 2022 will exceed 200,000 tons, a year-on-year increase of 100%, the market share will reach 16%, and the shipment of artificial graphite anode materials will continue to rank first.
In terms of polarizer business, Yano Research statistics show that the company's Shanjin Optoelectronics has a global market share of 29% in 2022 and is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshan Co., Ltd.'s revenue was 15.841 billion yuan, and its net profit was 2.313 billion yuan, and on February 10, Shanshan Co., Ltd.'s share price was 19.24 yuan per share, with a total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Shanshan Co., Ltd. said on the interactive platform that at the end of 2022, the effective graphitization capacity of the company will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitization capacity of the Meishan project is still climbing.
Wande shows that Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshan Shares.
Tianyan investigation shows that Zheng Yonggang's total equity interest in Shanshan Holdings Limited is 40.1%.
The general manager of Shanshan Co., Ltd. is Li Zhihua, born in 1968, and has successively served as the chairman of Dongguan Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and the deputy general manager of Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd.
Shanshan said on the investor interactive platform on February 10 that the company's senior management has no kinship with the company's actual controller.
"Fund E Account" is coming: China Securities Regulatory Commission authorizes the development of all funds under the investor's name to achieve aggregation and inquiry - Economic Observation Network - Professional financial news website
Economic Observation Network Reporter Chen Shan Fund purchase channels are complicated, resulting in account information aggregation is not easy?
Always forget about the "little vault"?
These problems of the Christian people are about to be resolved.
On February 10, the China Securities Regulatory Commission announced that the "Fund E Account" APP was launched on various mobile app stores and carried out public trial operation.
According to reports, the "Fund E Account" provides individual investors with a "one-stop" inquiry service for public fund account and share information, aiming to solve the pain points of industry services such as forgetting accounts and cumbersome inquiries for the majority of small and medium-sized investors.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were 156 public fund managers in China, with a fund size of about 26 trillion yuan; There are 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account systems of each share registration institution are independent of each other, and there is no unified inquiry channel for the industry.
Some industry insiders said that at the end of 2021, there were more than 720 million fund investors in China, that is, half of the country's people invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to inquire about purchases through different sales institutions, but through the "Fund E Account" they could inquire about the purchase of all sales channels, and the holding of funds was clear at a glance.
What is the "Fund E Account" app?
According to relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" APP is a mobile application for the public fund industry portal developed and constructed by China Clearing with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, which can provide investors with one-stop inquiry of the over-the-counter share holdings of public fund products in the whole market.
Through the "Fund E Account", investors can conveniently and quickly grasp the holdings of the over-the-counter shares of each fund manager's public fund products purchased through various sales channels in the whole market, and comprehensively improve the efficiency of inquiry.
Specifically, the information that investors can inquire through the "Fund E Account" includes: fund account information opened with public fund managers in the whole market, trading account information opened with public fund sales institutions, and over-the-counter share holdings of products including publicly offered securities investment funds and collective asset management plans with a number of investors established and managed by securities companies that are not limited to 200.
Liu Yiqian, head of business of Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation and Research Center, told the Economic Observation Network reporter that investors can get all their over-the-counter public fund holdings through the "Fund E Account" App in one stop, help them recover "forgotten assets", and more importantly, realize the collection of comprehensive fund investment information for customers, help customers grasp their own investment situation more timely, accurately and completely, so as to better optimize their fund portfolio allocation and better plan their financial arrangements.
How do I register to use it?
The reporter noted that at present, the "Fund E Account" APP has been listed on the shelves of Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo and other mobile phone app stores, but the APP is still in the public trial operation stage, registration needs to fill in the invitation code, investors can contact the fund manager of the fund held to obtain.
The customer service staff of a medium and large public fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to the Economic Observation Network reporter, and told the reporter, "During the trial operation of the APP, China Clearing provided each fund manager with a certain number of invitation codes, and investors will provide them by phone."
After the trial operation is over, open users will not need an invitation code when registering.
”
The reporter registered the account and completed the inquiry according to the relevant documents of the "Fund E Account" download and use instructions published on the official website of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, and the whole process took only a few minutes, mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, and public fund inquiry.
After passing the real-name authentication step, click the "Asset" fund binding button, and all fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms are presented in the binding option list (bindable accounts), and after completing the binding, you can intuitively see the total assets of the invested funds and start using the query function.
It is worth noting that "Fund E Account" only provides inquiry services for investors and cannot be redeemed for trading.
The data date displayed in "Fund E Account" is generally the date of the user's inquiry (T day), which is pushed forward by three trading days.
For example, if you open the "Fund E Account" on February 10, the corresponding date of the total assets, fund shares, and net value of the fund displayed on the asset page is pushed forward three trading days from that date, that is, February 7.
Copyright statement: The above content is the original work of the Economic Observer and the copyright belongs to the Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer, it is strictly forbidden to reprint or mirror, otherwise the legal responsibility of relevant actors will be pursued according to law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
The United States, Japan, and the Philippines reached a defensive consensus with the Anti-Chinese Communists
ASIA – Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan on February 9 for talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's encroachment on the South China Sea and the East China Sea, and the Philippine and Japanese leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting saying that they would sign a trilateral defense agreement with the United States to conduct substantive defense exchanges and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policy.
According to Japanese media, Kishida hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies against the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcos Jr. visited China in early January and won a deal worth $20 billion.
But after that, Sino-Philippine relations not only did not improve, but declined.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States, agreeing to open more bases to the US military to ensure security in the South China Sea.
One of the new bases, 300 kilometers from Taiwan, is also the closest to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Macao and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States to build an "arc against the CCP" in the western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Xia Liyan, vice chairman of the Kuomintang, conveyed Song Tao's words during his visit: Under the consensus of '92, the Green Camp is welcome to visit the mainland
Xia Liyan, vice chairman of Taiwan's Chinese Kuomintang, met with Song Tao, director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, and Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee.
Zhao Chunshan, senior adviser to the National Affairs Foundation, an official organ of the Kuomintang, was interviewed by Taiwan's Central News Agency yesterday evening and spoke positively of what Song Tao said to Xia Liyan that as long as he agrees with the "consensus of '92" and opposes Taiwan independence, China welcomes green camp figures to visit the mainland.
The Kuomintang side commented that it was a new thing.
Xia Liyan met with Song Tao earlier, and the news on the day did not mention this statement.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) has clarified for days that it refuses to accept the "consensus of '92."
According to the Central News Agency today, Xia Liyan, vice chairman of the Kuomintang, led a delegation to visit Lu, and during his stay in Beijing, he met with Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Song Tao, new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, and Yin Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal CPC Committee.
Xia Liyan and Song Tao met and talked about the KMT's political foundation being the "consensus of '92" and opposition to Taiwan independence, and Zhao Chunshan, senior adviser to the KMT's National Affairs Foundation, said at the meeting that the KMT's "consensus of '92" is the original "consensus of '92."
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this is different from the previous meetings.
In recent video discussions with mainland academic circles, as well as this forum, no Taiwan-related scholars were heard talking about military unification and the "anti-separatist law," but instead exchanges and dialogues were resumed.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the soldiers on both sides of the strait are fighting fiercely and Chinese mainland hope to convey their intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the KMT and the CPC, the other side is still willing to do a good job in dealing with the Taiwanese, and the deputies do not want cross-strait relations to be damaged.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally instructed Song Tao that "you must implement the demands put forward by them (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen)."
The report did not mention whether the Kuomintang visited the mainland and mentioned in person whether Chinese military planes and warships were harassing Taiwan on a daily basis, the agricultural and fishing problems in a few counties and cities in Taiwan, or whether the Central News Agency reporters asked such questions in interviews.
French unions once again mobilized anti-government retirement reform programs
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions once again launched a national mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets and express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action against the draft reform of the government's pension system.
And how many people respond to the rally call could influence the trade union's next course of action.
This is the fourth time in a month that France's eight major trade union groups have jointly launched a national mobilization, and the first time this protest has scheduled a rally for Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a public holiday for most French people, they do not have to choose between participating in a protest or a wage strike, so trade unions hope that today's rally will attract more people.
Neither the unions of the bus system, the subway nor the public railway company called for a strike today, and the bus system should be functional, with citizens able to travel to the meeting place, and in areas where schools begin winter break, people can start their holidays normally.
Union groups hope more than a million people will attend the rally today, while police expect national attendance to be between 600,000 and 800,000, and Paris for 90,000 to 120,000.
Since the start of the protests against the government's pension reform plan, polls have shown that most French do not support measures to postpone the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, but the number of people who actually took to the streets to participate in the march has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstrations on January 31 gathered between 1.27 million and 2.5 million people across the country.
The crowd on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million across the country.
This pension reform package is currently under discussion in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially the opposition caucus led by the radical left, have submitted numerous amendments that have led to the slow pace of the review process.
The debate between the government and the opposition has become increasingly fierce and sharp.
A lawmaker from the radical leftist French Unyielding Party recently posted a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the head of the labor minister on social media, prompting protests by the ruling party.
The Speaker of the National Assembly eventually banned the member from parliamentary activities for 15 days as punishment for such acts.
Although the reform package has triggered the largest social upsurge in France in more than 20 years, the government has so far made minor adjustments to the draft without making any major concessions.
The unions are already preparing to launch another action next Thursday, on the 16th, and on March 7, when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion, the union also plans to organize demonstrations.
China encourages raising the fertility rate to colleges and universities to urge sperm donations and high quality standards
The Human Sperm Bank in Yunnan Province, China, issued a publicity on the 9th, soliciting people with college degree or above or students to donate sperm, and successful donations 8 to 12 times can receive a subsidy of RMB 4,500.
According to Taiwan media reports today, the message rushed to Weibo hot search on the same day, and triggered many provinces and cities such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing to follow up initiatives.
According to a signed report by the Liberty Times, China encourages college students to donate sperm.
In addition to academic qualifications, it is also required to be more than 170 cm tall, have correct facial features, no obvious hair loss, and the degree of myopia cannot be higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Province Human Sperm Bank pointed out that sperm donors can obtain a full set of andrological physical examinations worth 1,000 yuan, "especially semen and chromosome tests, which most people have never done, which is of great significance to understanding their fertility status."
The conditions for sperm donors include those who are 165 cm tall or above, have a college degree or above, or are studying, and have no genetic and infectious diseases such as color blindness, color weakness, and hepatitis B.
The report quoted China's Tianmu News as saying that the Shaanxi Province Human Sperm Bank was printed with a propaganda poster of "paid sperm donation, infinite glory", calling on young people to respond to sperm donation, and encouraging netizens to forward relevant messages to "let love be transmitted".
Shaanxi Province price code is higher than Yunnan, qualified people can receive RMB 300 cash each time, and those who complete a certain number of sperm donations can receive RMB 5,000 subsidy.
The highest known price tag is Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5,150 yuan.
The last communist chancellor of East Germany died today
The successor of the Communist Party of East Germany reported in a statement that "last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
As a result, our party lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall, which separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modero had said he would help turn East Germany into a democracy.
At that time, Communist leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
After coming to power in the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev called for changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe as well.
In March 1990, Modro announced the first and only free elections for the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
As a result of the election, he was no longer prime minister.
Despite Modero's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and unification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reinvent, rather than abolish, the secret police.
In 1993, Modero was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections but was not jailed.
The allegations were said to be politically motivated.
From 1990 to 1994, Modro continued to serve in the German Parliament and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modro sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said East Germany's achievements should be acknowledged.
Modero was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader for the youth fire brigade and, towards the end of the conflict, became part of the Nazi militia Volkssturm, which recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 to fight in the final struggles of war.
At the age of 17, Modeso was captured by the Soviet army and taken to the USSR as a prisoner of war, where he took anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he returned home and found a job as a mechanic and continued to study social sciences and economics, where he received a doctorate.
Modero was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement, which almost all young people in East Germany joined and rose to chair of the Dresden Regional Party between 1973 and 1989 through the ruling Socialist Unity Party (SED).
He also served as the parliament of East Germany for more than 30 years.
In 1990 Modero became the de facto leader of East Germany, holding the highest state office.
Iran Commemorates Revolutionary Anniversary Hackers who supported the protests hacked the president's televised address
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of Iran's revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Raisi's televised address.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, with a group of anti-Iranian government hackers with the name "Edalat Ali" on the screen.
A voice also appeared shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
According to Reuters reported today, Iran commemorated the anniversary of the revolution, and hackers interrupted state television reports.
Iran's official commemoration of the 44th anniversary of Iran's revolution, Raisi's hardline government faces the boldest challenge from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Raisi still calls on "deceived youth" to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Nationwide protests swept Iran after 22-year-old Mahsa Amini died in the custody of the country's morality police in September.
Iran's security forces have carried out a deadly crackdown on the protests, one of the strongest challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution toppled the 2500-year monarchy.
As part of an amnesty to mark the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities on Friday released imprisoned dissidents Farhad Mesami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha who were on hunger strike.
Earlier, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty that included some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors, according to human rights group HRANA.
Another 70 government security personnel were killed, the report said.
As many as 19,763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iran's leaders and state media have called for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On Friday night's anniversary of the Iranian revolution, state media displayed fireworks as part of a government-sponsored celebration with people chanting "Allahu Akbar!"
(God is the greatest!) ）”。
However, many people can also be heard shouting "Death to the dictator!" at the rally!
and "Death of the Islamic Republic" in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live footage of official rallies in states across the country.
In Tehran, as part of the official celebrations, domestic anti-ballistic missiles, UAVs, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were presented.
President Lacey's speeches were often punctuated by the slogan "Death to America" — the iconic slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted "Death to Israel".
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, Reuters said, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on national security charges.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah denied the allegations.
Mesami's release comes a week after supporters warned he was at risk of death as a result of a hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting the mandatory wearing of a headscarf.
The French Foreign Ministry, in response to Adelkhah's release on Friday, called for her freedom to be restored, "including allowing her to return to France if she wishes."
”
Balloon incident brightens America's eyes more?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a report by the Wall Street Journal today, the United States is ready to further tighten technology exports to China after the balloon incident.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and would garner more political support for strengthening U.S. technological protection.
The U.S. says the balloon carries antennas and sensors used for intelligence gathering and communications.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works for the Center for a New American Security, a Washington-based think tank.
"This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the views of China hardliners."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters Thursday that "we will also consider broader action to expose and respond to China's larger surveillance activities that pose a threat to our national security and our allies and partners."
U.S. officials say they have informed governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident and that international coordination is critical to responding to the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the new U.S. House of Representatives Ad Hoc Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party may also pressure the United States to take tougher measures to slow China's development.
She said members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn could force the White House to adopt tougher policies.
The Wall Street Journal said many advocates of stricter export controls are also pushing for expanded controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government is also already developing an outbound investment review program to examine U.S. investments abroad for potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House could face calls to roll out the plan sooner.
The Tuxu earthquake relief work day and night
Since the earthquake struck Turkey, which borders Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have worked around the clock in the rubble of thousands of destroyed buildings to rescue survivors buried under the rubble.
In icy temperatures, they often call for silence as they desperately try to hear any sounds of life from the dilapidated pile of concrete.
According to Reuters today, two more women were rescued after surviving the rubble of the earthquake for several days.
However, the death toll from the earthquake climbed to 24,150.
Turkey has 20,665 deaths and Syria more than 3,500.
Monday's 7.8-magnitude quake, which continues with several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, is the seventh-deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing Japan's 2011 earthquake and tsunami and approaching the 31,000 deaths from the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similarly powerful earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Turkish authorities said Saturday that two women were trapped for 122 hours after the deadliest earthquake in the region in 20 years, and rescuers rescued the two women from the rubble of a collapsed building in Turkey.
Another injured, 55-year-old man identified as Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, Turkey's largest city.
In the icy temperatures, rescuers often call for silence as they desperately try to hear any life from the dilapidated pile of concrete.
In Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers crouched under concrete slabs and whispered "Inshallah" — "God forbid" — and they carefully put their hands into the rubble to rescue a 10-day-old newborn.
His eyes were wide open, and the baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a thermal blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video images show that first responders also took away his mother, who was dizzy on a stretcher and pale but sane.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, using a total of 31,000 rescuers in the affected areas.
About 80,000 people are being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people have been left homeless by the earthquake and are crammed into makeshift shelters, he said.
With many people lacking food in cold winter conditions, questions about the response of the leaders of both countries to the disaster relief are growing.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad traveled with his wife Asma to a hospital in Aleppo, reportedly his first trip to the affected area since the quake, according to Syrian state media.
Earlier, the World Food Programme said its stockpile in rebel-held northwestern Syria was running out as the state of war complicated relief efforts.
Erdogan, who visited Turkey's Adyaman province on Friday, acknowledged that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who will run for re-election in a vote to be held on May 14 but could be postponed by disaster.
Reuters said anger over delays in providing aid and launching relief efforts could affect the election.
Even before the quake, voting was seen as Erdogan's toughest challenge in his two decades in power.
Erdogan called for solidarity and condemned what he called a "negative campaign for political gain."
Turkey's main opposition leader Kemal Kilidaroglu criticized the government's response.
"Earthquakes are big, but more serious than earthquakes are lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence."
”
Hanoi, VNA -- Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng and his wife visited Brunei Darussalam University (UBD) on the morning of February 11 during a visit to Brunei Darussalam.
The University of Brunei is Brunei's largest centre for higher education and scientific research, ranking third in the region's university rankings.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of education and training cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei.
The University of Brunei officially established a partnership with FPT University Vietnam in July 2013, and the main field of cooperation is English training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, moral education, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei also incorporates Vietnamese into its curriculum.
During a visit to the University of Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung and his wife interacted with the students of the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung is pleased that more and more foreigners enjoy learning Vietnamese, and thus makes positive contributions to promoting Vietnam's cultural characteristics and customs to the rest of the world.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching staff at Brunei University will become stronger and stronger; The students of the Vietnamese language class are becoming more and more interested in Vietnamese, study hard, be able to use Vietnamese fluently as soon as possible, and become ambassadors of friendly cooperation between the two countries.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung also took the opportunity to communicate via video with Vietnamese students who are learning English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang to learn about their studies, especially during the pandemic.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung believes that the partnership between FPT University Vietnam and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of the educational cooperation between Vietnam and Brunei.
At the same time, it is hoped that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and the two countries.
In discussions with Brunei's Minister of Education and leaders of Brunei University, Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng spoke highly of the results achieved by the two countries in educational cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, as well as the University of Brunei's initiative to include Vietnamese in its curriculum.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng hoped that the University of Brunei will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expanding the size of Vietnamese language classes.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Trần also spoke highly of the positive results of cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014. It is recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as the Global Discovery Programme and the Discovery Year.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng highly appreciated the University of Brunei for setting up its first branch in Southeast Asia in Vietnam; Believing that the university is growing stronger in the region and the world; Further expand cooperation with Vietnamese higher education institutions.
On this occasion, Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng and his wife planted a memorial tree on the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message in the memorial book.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng wished the University of Brunei to continue to develop and contribute more and more to Brunei's education cause, and to carry out deeper and broader cooperation with various education and training institutions in Vietnam.
(End)
Viet Na News Agency
HANOI – Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng and his wife have made a complete success on their official visits to Singapore and Brunei, with comprehensive, pragmatic and concrete results, a special correspondent from VNA reported.
During his three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Minh Cheng participated in more than 30 different events.
The results achieved have injected new impetus into the deeper, broader and more effective development of the strategic partnership between Vietnam and New Zealand and the Vietnamese-Vietnamese comprehensive partnership.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trần continued to reaffirm the external line of the Vietnamese Party and the country, that is, independence, pluralism and change, and willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, as well as a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is a need for their respective countries, committed to enhancing the well-being of their respective peoples, and committed to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At the meetings and talks, Prime Minister Pham Minh Cheng and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through the exchange of high-level delegations, the effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many documents of cooperation were signed during the visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership signed with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening the Vietnam-Vietnamese Comprehensive Partnership for the Period 2023-2027 signed with Brunei are the two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Picture from the Viet Na News Agency
During meetings with business leaders, symposiums or attending economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung emphasised that Vietnam welcomes and facilitates the expansion of investment by Singapore and Brunei enterprises in areas such as digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity in Vietnam.
The visit will not only help deepen cooperation between Vietnam and Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also create a framework for cooperation in new potential fields such as digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
Brunei's King Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Pham Minh Zheng prepare to enter the bilateral symposium.
Picture from the Viet Na News Agency
During his visit to both countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and aspirations of the Vietnamese community living there.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung suggested that the authorities of the two countries pay more attention to and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society, and nurture bilateral relations.
The proposal was agreed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Pham Myung Cheng also shared with the leaders of the two countries the aspiration for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN Community; They agreed to maintain solidarity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's central role in the complex and volatile regional and international situation.
With the important results achieved, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung official visit to Singapore and Brunei made positive contributions to the effective implementation of the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam with priority in strengthening relations with ASEAN neighbors, the effective implementation of Conclusion No. 12 of the Politburo of the CPV Central Committee on Vietnam's overseas Chinese affairs under the new situation (12-KL/TW), and the strength of national unity.
(End)
What exactly is the downed "object" over Alaska?
Confused, speculative
On Friday (February 10) afternoon, the U.S. military again used the U.S. most advanced stealth jet F-22 to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska, USA.
The shot down site was ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the U.S. military has shot down an airborne object.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China drifted over U.S. airspace for days before being destroyed off the coast of South Carolina.
The Pentagon said the second downed object, which first entered U.S. airspace Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeast Alaska, flying at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet) about the size of a small car and much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that had been shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes that there is currently no indication that the object is manipulable.
John Bryant, the White House National Security Council's strategic communications coordinator, said Friday that while the exact appearance of the high-altitude object is unclear, it "poses a reasonable threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
Bryant said the object, unlike the spy balloon found in the United States, did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
"We call it an 'object' the best we can describe it right now," Bryant said.
President Biden, who listened to the Pentagon's advice before ordering the shooting down of the object, was "very cautious" in making the decision, Bryant added.
The official description of this object in the United States can be roughly summarized as: the size of a small car, no joystick, no suspension device, and the flight altitude is about 10,000 meters.
But this information doesn't yet answer basic questions, such as what the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is performing.
At present, many analysis and speculation on the Internet believe that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It may have originated from China like the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that fluttered over Latin America, performing some kind of mission in different locations.
Others associate this "object" in Alaska with a "UFO."
The U.S. Newsweek report quoted former U.S. Representative Peter Meijer as tweeting on Friday as saying, "I wish this UFO was also a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO."
"The irony of confusing alien spacecraft with weather balloons is surprising, but it's not worth triggering an interstellar conflict," Major said.
Major tweeted shortly after Bryant confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said Major wasn't the only one who suspected the object was a UFO.
Dennessee-Republican Rep. Tim Burchett criticized the administration's cover-up last month, asking the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release a report on "UFOs."
Amazon's customer service attitude made it hard for me to believe
It is estimated that few people have seen this, but I will also say a little bit.
This dress was a zippered hoody when we bought it, and it ended up giving me a short-sleeved one.
After receiving the clothes, I immediately contacted Amazon customer service, and at that time it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock, I asked for a replacement, the customer service said to solve it, and then immediately saw that the name of the product changed to short sleeves, and the link I bought was taken off the shelf.
The customer service then informs you to either keep the goods for a certain amount of compensation or return them.
This is how Amazon handles?
It's really unbelievable, the wrong clothes themselves are not my problem, as a consumer I asked for the goods I deserved, and did not make any exaggerated demands, but Amazon changed its name and said that there was no inventory.
This is my first long review, hopefully it's not my last.
Incomprehensible sleeves
Said to be cowhide, it is indeed harder, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks in the part, it is not clear whether it is genuine leather, in addition, the sleeves of this dress are really incomprehensible, usually the sleeves of the jacket are longer than the hem, but usually it is 1-2 cm, this dress is 5 cm long, the arms naturally droop should be in the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this dress are covered by the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes and easy to return.
But I don't know when to get your money back?
The clothes are good workmanship, because the shape is too small, I have to return it, but after returning the goods, more than a week has passed so far, and I haven't received a refund?
And to the purchaser himself to contact the integrity of the full peak express, this is the worst shopping since buying Amazon items!
But the store is still good, actively cooperate with urging the express to refund in time, but this full peak express real work is quite infuriating, dragging on for about half a month to refund, this kind of partner is to drag Amazon's hind legs, poor work efficiency, no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
99 seconds to kill.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the sweater are good, soft/thin and moderate, and there is no smell of kerosene.
Unfortunately, the fit belongs to the thin type, which is more suitable for young people.
3XL, tiled waist 2'5, stretched max size 4', 1.79/80kg wearing waist a little tight.
It seems that there is no elastic band around the waist, so it is quite difficult to loosen the waistline.
In addition, it is uncomfortable to wear closely.
Very good, the colors are not very vivid
Just bought it and it rose by more than two hundred, what is the situation.
The first time Amazon used the cooperation daily rotten express, the first delivery was not at home, and then took the initiative to make an appointment with the courier twice for delivery, the courier did not deliver, and then directly returned it to me, this damn courier has no integrity at all, it is strongly recommended not to use that daily rotten express again.
This time, there was also a T-shirt that was returned to me, and the price of the auction increased by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon Retail should not have such products
When the product is on sale, the price is not low, and it is also a very good product to read the reviews.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned, the surface of the product was worn in a large area, and there was wear in many other places, either inferior or old, pictured above later.
I apply for a return, and the manufacturer's people say that it was caused by transportation after seeing the picture, isn't this nonsense?
How can the inside of the product wear out?
There are only two possibilities, either the inferior used product, or I deliberately damaged the item and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I have not damaged the goods, but in terms of my credit history of Amazon shopping, I think such goods should not appear in Amazon self-operated goods, customers choose Amazon self-operated is trust, customer win, we win, the victory of customers is the victory of the manufacturer, I hope everyone works together to improve, thank you.
I have been using the product for less than a year and two E2s appear, I don't know how to deal with it?
I bought the product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, the two groups on the right side of the receiver often appeared red E2, it should be a problem with the transmitter module, which is not very consistent with the Amazon website that the transmitter module can last for 7 years, and I can't find after-sales on Amazon's website, I don't know how to do it now?
It's okay
The first purchase is bad.
It doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn, and the label on the fuselage was broken.
And it's always a white screen.
It's good after changing.
The exchange is quite fast, a little blurry at night, the viewing angle is not very wide, but the ordinary household is enough.
The disadvantage is that there is no card, I bought it myself, and I have bought a mobile phone on Amazon before.
There will be a sticker on the package to prevent the package from being opened, not this time, there is a sticker-like stamp when buying a mobile phone, which can be attached to the warranty card, this time it does not.
I don't know if it's something cheap and no, I'm confused.
Wait for a reply from the supplier
The packaging does not have any logo, call the supplier directly, answer that no logo is genuine, such as suspect that scraps can be mailed to Johnson & Johnson for inspection, but also leave the license plate number and phone number, promise to send a text message notification to enter my information into the Johnson & Johnson official website warranty card, so far have not received a text message?
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon-operated products are still very reassuring.
The master who changed the oil said that the oil was clear and indeed a good oil.
Because it was purchased for the second time.
So it's still very reassuring.
The courier is fast, there is no fussy place in the packaging, with this oil, the engine sound drops significantly.
The cost performance is good, it is difficult to find synthetic engine oil below 200.
Support Star Crown, support Valvoline, effective car protection.
Amazon Japan has seriously damaged the interests of buyers due to customer service problems (8C caterpillars are shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8C=14cm, 8cm=2C)
Admit mistakes, but always prevaricate, always emphasizing that the goods are third parties and cannot bind third parties.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
The page size options I originally purchased were 7c, 8, 9c, and I felt that this was a trap, called Nichia Chinese customer service, and clearly told that 8 is 8c, but when the product returned to China, I found that it was only 8cm, I think this is a deliberate trap to pit Chinese (according to Amazon's after-sales), and now the page has no such option.
Chinese customer service: Sorry for the loss, we will give you two ways:
1. You return the goods, and the buyer bears all the shipping costs.
2. If you do not return, we will compensate you 1000 yen.
(I calculated the account, shoes more than 4,000 yen, counted as 200RMB, choose 1, I don't have shoes, the loss is 200 yuan.)
Option 2, I have shoes, finally compensated me 2000 yen, and finally lost 150RMB Customer service: We have recorded it, we will deal with it seriously, and the next day I sent back an email, saying that I do not accept the Chinese customer service mediation, and that's it.
I proposed: When the purchase page is 7c, 8, 9c such a confusing option, the Chinese customer service helped me say that the Japanese common code will not have a c, similar to 140, but do you go to other caterpillar pages to see?
There are US codes, and the situation of mixed Japanese codes appears.
Besides, why did you put 8cm between 7c and 9c, obviously the smallest size, what do you mean by putting it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese services, but we don't know that you are going to ship back to China, so we will not claim your freight.
I don't understand this logic, I'm Japanese, I still have to Chinese customer service, living in Japan in China does not need Chinese customer service, tourists to Japan, without that effort to play international calls, then the question is, who needs to call Amazon overseas purchase Chinese phone, nothing more than like me.
Isn't Amazon Chinese customer service convenient for these people in our Haitao?
This purchase is not very satisfactory
This is the second time to buy Pampers diapers from Amazon, once bought a box when the baby was 2 months old, chose European imported paper diapers, the first purchase experience is still relatively satisfactory, the baby uses a diaper all night, indeed can meet 12 hours without changing diapers.
But this time to buy L diapers, there are 2 packs of separate packaging in a box, after opening it I feel that the paper is relatively loose, and there is a clear difference from imported Pampers, after using it for the baby, it is okay, there is no urine leakage and no rash and other signs.
But by the second pack of diapers, after starting to use the baby's inner thighs, a red rash immediately appeared, which has not faded to this day.
I suspect that the quality of the 2 packs in 1 box is not the same.
I should not continue to buy in the future!
Want to value the shipping protection of your package
This is the worst packaging and shipping I have seen in so long since I have been shopping online, there is no protection at all, cushioning foam, wrapping cushioning layer material, etc., nothing.
Just a press-deformed box.
And the soft rubber box inside is packed, and the card box is pressed open and pressed to deformation.
I hope it is genuine and the quality is guaranteed, and I will not dare to buy anything in the Amazon in the future.
I would rather be half as expensive as the country, with guaranteed points.
And the problem of commodity product packaging, I read the comment in 2016, someone commented, to now 19 years, it is still the same.
It shows that Amazon does not pay attention to service feedback at all, and the difference between domestic JD.com and Tmall is too far.
Good-looking, but a little bit of a pity
The color of the whole cup is my favorite color, orange red, although my family is a male treasure, but I still think orange red with yellow is very eye-catching.
It's smaller than I thought, but it's meant to be taken out, so it's acceptable.
I took it home last night and tried it, and after the cap was pushed open, the distance between the straw and the lid was too close, because the position of the straw was vertical, so the son always had to hold the bulge above the lid to drink water, thinking that this place could be improved.
It seems that it makes sense for other brands of straw cups to tilt the straw, children's things, really care about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large capacity
I like that it is light, the opening is large, that is, the two separate divider bags are a bit redundant for me, and I feel like I don't know what to put in it.
After buying, I found that there was another brand very similar to Meiya purchased overseas, only less than two hundred pieces.
Fakes, especially fakes
Amazon sells fakes, and I also served.
The customer service said that it could not be returned because it was used, and I didn't use how to know that it was a fake.
Because of trust, so sad, after all, it is a face-wiping product, really go to the physical store to buy, recognize a little more expensive.
Because it is a flash sale, I didn't read the comments, I have submitted it to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, let's defend our rights together.
Broken?
Fake?
In short, tragedy.
The pores selected when using the second tablet are fine, but as soon as I opened it, I smelled strange, thinking it was normal, because I hadn't used this, and then when I pasted it on my face, I couldn't stand it completely, very punchy taste, indescribable, smoked to immediately cough out, eyes were also very painful, tears, immediately took off to wash my face.
Unbelief evil opened another piece of the same style, which did not have such a heavy taste, and now it is being applied.
Recall is a bit like the smell of low-quality perm in a hair salon.
Is it really unimaginable that Amazon's own skin care products have to be avoided from now on?
Profiteers
At that time, when buying, the activity page said that the full 99 yuan to give away the "three-body complete collection", received the goods without this gift, called the customer service and said to show them the screenshot of the event at that time, the problem is who bought things and saved the screenshot of the web page, you have done your own activities, you also need customers to help you provide ah, buyers next time to keep an eye and save evidence.
Feel after use
The first time to buy something on Amazon, respectively feel a few points, first talk about the feeling of using up the goods, the first is indeed painless, there is no stimulating taste of things, overall very good, wait for about 8 minutes to wipe off, but there will be a small amount of sweat residue on it, do not look closely can not see, so the overall is good, as for the use of once to continue to observe, continue to use will know.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
The second order is placed from the 27th, and the goods are received on the 12th, a total of 15 days is half a month, and Amazon's delivery man service attitude is also very good.
Third, Amazon's what Black Friday don't believe, Friday order, wait 2 days cheaper close to 12 yuan, that is, I bought more than 170 (plus shipping or something), there is a feeling of engaging in activities to raise the price.
The customer service said what the price fluctuated, I paid attention to the price for more than 10 days, it is like this, and the fluctuation is not large.
Affordable, Japanese origin, with Chinese label, with pellets, absolute repurchase!
The paste with particles, the refreshing feeling is just right, the teeth are smooth after use, and it is much stronger than a second-hand Dong, where it is said to be imported, but many things do not have Chinese labels, and I don't know where to wholesale them.
In the future, as long as Amazon has it, it will never go to the second-hand east again.
Give a suggestion, how can Amazon's app post orders sometimes can't be posted, I hope to improve some applications, will do better and better!
Excellence over the years, getting worse and worse, there is no service quality at all!
Garbage excellence does not take into account customer needs Special delivery time 19:00-22:00 when placing an order.
Because there are elderly people who are inconvenient to stay in bed after surgery, it is only convenient to receive documents at night.
As a result, it was delivered directly to the door at 12 noon, and it was not told by phone in advance.
If the delivery time is your courier can deliver at what time he wants, why bother to make a time for the customer to choose?
If your own logistics can't guarantee the service, then simply don't do e-commerce!
Let an old man with 3 wounds on his body get out of bed, open the door, collect the courier, and pay for change!
Obviously there is a contact number on the order!
From the beginning to the end, no one came to call to give an explanation!
The so-called complaint customer service of Excellence.com is a group of outsiders pretending to be there, perfunctory your complaint and then giving you a so-called answer.
There will be no change or compensation!
I also encountered such a problem before, and I endured the problem that the delivery time was wrong, but this time I couldn't bear it, it was too much!
After the pre-sale of the new book arrived, the cover and back cover were reversed, so that the quality problem was obvious, so the book was sent to the customer with his eyes closed?
Leave a bad review and no one will contact you.
Excellence over the years, getting worse and worse, there is no service quality at all!
No more spending a dime on excellence.
The image quality is simply unacceptable
As a title like "Ancient Atlas", the selection, typesetting, and printing of pictures in this book are really unacceptable, and some pictures even have mosaics, which are blurred to the point of being unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small format illustration, it should be worthy of the medieval documents left by the ancestors in the catalog!
(Moreover, many pictures can be obtained from relevant industry resources), what is the difference between using such images to piece together a book and not using pictures?
！ I regret this academic spirit.
The text is not evaluated, and the Fang family has their own distinction.
Overall 2 stars.
The book I read in my second year of high school was just bored to watch and play, and I felt that such a book should not be addicted, after all, the starting point of the web novel was still not very attractive to me in the past.
And then... Just fell into the pit.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively relaxed and pleasant, and when Ye Xiu was still in the online game in the first part, even if it was intrigue between guilds, it was not heavy at all because it was often blooded by Ye Shen.
As for the part of the competition, I wrote a little bit of sadness about the change of times and the alternation of old and new (probably my sentimentality).
Reading the whole book took me a lot of study time in my sophomore year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.
The full-time description of characters and emotional lines is very amazing, some characters are only occasionally bring, but also leave a deep impact, such as the more focused characters Ye Xiu, Huang Shaotian Su Mucheng have a large number of fans, and the characters who are not in the writing center such as Jiang Botao Chu Yunxiu and so on are also very popular, in an e-sports cool article people can't find a very annoying character, which is the success of full-time in character description.
And on the emotional line, full-time does not have the general web literature criticized harem beauty 30 million either beautiful women or rotten problems, the feelings of all the people in the whole text, there is a common place is that they like the game of glory, and most of them want to win dignifiedly.
There is no big conspiracy in small meters, and everyone looks so innocent and cute.
That's probably why there's nothing annoying about full-time roles.
The full-time IP is big and thanks to that.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online literature, full-time is a good book.
How much he will really provide people with some blood and a little touch.
In April this year, full-time will be animated.
In fact, I want to buy this set of books for a long time, because the wallet is never thick enough and did not start hard, and then when I wanted to buy, I found that TB is simply rampant with fakes, in fact, full-time recently released another version, the cover picture I myself quite like, but still plan to buy the old version first, so I looked at it on Amazon and bought a set at one time.
Next, let's briefly talk about the situation of the goods.
●The fourth book does not have a plastic seal, but the book is new.
●The seventeenth plastic cover is in but has been opened, and the texture of the book is also very strange, and it feels like there is no other hardness.
The 23rd book is in the same situation as the seventeenth book, but it is also harder than the seventeenth book, but it is very old.
● The publishers of individual books are different, as if the 23rd and 17th are the same publisher, and the others are different.
●On the whole, I am quite satisfied, 24 books are a large box, very satisfied.
Lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as "The Lost Corner", but it turned out to be a lot of text!
I read it three times before I finished reading this book to children, a little lion who shoots, and a little lion who loves to eat juice gummies.
When I saw the plot of a lion eating a hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable, and modern urbanites are a little unacceptable to be eaten by animals.
Seeing in the end, this little lion who has succeeded in human society has lost himself, he is no longer a complete lion, nor is he a complete person.
In the end, there was only the back of the little lion, and I don't know where he went.
Perhaps many years later, the image of this little lion will still remain in the impression of the grown up child, and it will be remembered inadvertently one day, which may touch or inspire her.
A portfolio of great value for money
1. I didn't know TASCHEN before, but I recently bought a lot of their books, and the reason is that they are too tough, whether it is the topic selection or the production itself.
There have been 3 versions of this work, the largest version, like the complete Michelangelo book, is close to 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; The middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; This edition is the smallest two-volume edition with a book box.
Personally, I think it's acceptable, firstly, the price is cheap, and more than 700 pages are divided into two, and it is better to read as a paperback; Second, unlike Michelangelo's complete works, paintings account for the main body, Leonardo da Vinci's black-and-white manuscript accounts for the majority, and for non-art readers with limited budgets, this edition is the most cost-effective for viewing paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanation of the painting part is great, there is composition analysis, draft analysis and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don't know if it is printing or book size issues, some shadows are too deep in the county, can't see the details, a little regretful.
3. Compared with Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer.
The former is already a genius, and the latter is too broad and accomplished to describe it as a genius.
If you used to only look at the painting and only experience half of Leonardo da Vinci, you would be completely speechless after reading the manuscript.
Garbage, who buys who regrets!
Never give a bad review, this really heartfelt garbage, bought a waste of money Shenma, give a reason!
1. The time is not accurate, suddenly it becomes January 1st, and the time goes to zero.
2. Inferior belts, none of which are silicone, bring wrist allergy blistering.
3. Often unable to connect to the mobile phone.
4. Only five days of battery life.
5. Sleep detection does not display, time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Miscellaneous.
Logistics are too slow
It shows that October 16th arrived, and the result was received on the 21st, bad review!
The delivery is too poor, buying things on Amazon is already slow, I didn't expect it to be so slow!
Overall satisfied
Before I was worried about the packaging of the camera, this time it was okay, there was an inflatable bag inside, the camera was three yards consistent, and it could also be registered on the official website, the shutter number was 0, and the rest could only wait for time to be inspected.
The delivery speed is quite fast, here to complain about the courier brother, the valuables are placed in the concierge, walking fast, I can't open the box in front of him for inspection, I am really speechless about this.
The merchant did it for the sake of the customer before shipping :)
The merchant is more responsible, specifically calling to ask the screen size of the camera used, and indeed thinking about the customer.
Shipping is also fast.
It is also quite suitable and effective to stick the diamond film.
The battery is not fully charged
The machine is really good, I want to ask how to charge it from the first time it is not charged, the charging indicator is always red
At present, I can't find Amazon's official feedback channel, so I can only feedback in the product evaluation
1. On March 29, the book was purchased for 31 yuan through pre-order, showing that it would be pushed to the device on March 31, and the book could not be previewed on Amazon's official website at this time (because it had not yet been released);
2. The book pushed to the device on March 31, the content is blank, only stay tuned, and the electronic version of the book on Amazon has been reduced to 18 yuan;
3. In the past two days, I have repeatedly tried to delete the blank book downloaded on the device and synchronize it again, but I can't get the electronic version of "The Nature of Business" that contains the actual content, but I see that Amazon's official website can already preview the book.
At the moment, I have a few thoughts
1. The issue of price is not the most important, the key is how to replace the blank book on the Kindle with a book with actual content, instead of downloading it forever is "stay tuned"
2. The pre-ordered book should not be bought again in the future, after all, in case of skipping the ticket, and then downloading a book with empty content, the procedure looks very complicated;
3. I hope that Amazon will give a normal channel that can feedback such problems, and when there are doubts about the download or use of e-books, there can be local feedback (work orders, online customer service can be, you can refer to how the Microsoft official store does)
Not very recommended reading
I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see it from memory to write some feelings after reading.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as a collection of fragments about love in life.
The tone of this book is extremely bland, it is as bland as boiled water, the pursuit of simplicity is extreme, and the plot is like the street on a summer afternoon, silent and dull.
Each short story is a silhouette of a short period of time in ordinary life, with no beginning and no ending.
Finally, collected together, titled "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love".
I think that this collection of novels, and its title, is like a kind of performance art, the author wants to express that love is not only the joy and sorrow on the stage, the sea dry stone rotten in urban legends, not only you non my non like glue, love is not only the above and should not be represented by the above, love is also a dull life, boring day after day, there is also a helplessness of life, escape from reality, and the dazedness of the future.
When reading this book, you may recall the arguing couples around you, the boring marriages of people you know, and unsatisfactory relationships.
That's why I don't recommend reading, aesthetically speaking, the writing and plot of this book are boring, unless your life is stormy or sweet as living in a candy castle, you have to read it with the feeling of being strange and boring.
And in terms of depth of thought, the daily plot does not make people shine or expand a person's thinking and vision (this is different from Márquez's "Love in the Time of Cholera"), and the short fragments do not explore any questions, such as what kind of mistakes caused the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, it doesn't make much sense to read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed more through technique and genre than through the storyline, which is also the reason for the poor reading experience of this book.
Suitable for rough reading, not close reading.
The logic of this book is good, but the content is not fleshed out.
Many sales theories explain what and why, but are weak in how to do it, only pointing the direction but not giving specific practices.
Plus, the book feels like a patchwork.
Examples include both domestic and foreign ones; There are both well-known entrepreneurs or salespeople and obscure people.
I don't know if the story was compiled for example, but it would be more convincing to cite some cases experienced by the author.
Change in terms of customer or customer title.
If you still have a customer in the title, you will become a customer in the text.
There were also typos, missing punctuation, and misnumbering in the eBook.
In short, this book is a good choice as a theoretical introduction, but it is not suitable for people who are already working in sales and want to improve their sales level.
A quick guide to Internet finance
This book is very shallow, it can be said that it is only an introductory course, which can help everyone quickly understand the full picture of Internet finance, but to understand it in depth, you still have to dig deep according to the diagram.
And the book was written earlier, and the content of the later Alipay WeChat subsidy war to cultivate user habits has not been mentioned, and today's third-party payment share is only afraid that the proportion is not so small as stated in the book.
Now many people go out to eat with a mobile phone, and merchants have abandoned UnionPay because of the high bank flow.
But I am still very grateful to the author for writing this primer book, it can be seen that the author has at least many years of financial observation experience, and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so he can write such easy-to-understand content.
It's easy to write tall and empty, but it's hard to write in an easy-to-understand way.
Appreciate you and want you to know!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the level of salary, but whether they are valued and appreciated enough at work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, after the basic survival needs of people have been satisfied, the most urgent thing is the satisfaction of psychological needs—the desire to be understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for Chinese people, most of them are "love you can't open in your heart", even if you have love, gratitude and appreciation, you will silently put it in your heart and will not say it.
In this book, the author expounds five languages of appreciation: words of affirmation, careful moments, acts of service, heartfelt gifts, and physical contact.
I think the important thing is not that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use these five languages from the bottom of your heart to appreciate and be grateful to the people around you, whether it is family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the closer people are, the more they need to appreciate and be grateful, so that our lives will become better.
Learn to appreciate, enterprises can also retain talents to a certain extent, reduce the resignation rate.
Thank you translators for bringing us wonderful ideas and worlds abroad.
Due to Chinese and Western cultural backgrounds and other reasons, there will be more or less differences between languages, and if you have the opportunity to see the author's original version, I believe you will gain more.
Thank you again to the authors and translators and editors for their hard work!
If it is suspected to be counterfeit, please review it strictly by Amazon
The quality is super poor, the packaging is loose, there is no weight, even inferior to roadside stall products, no grammage, no barcode, ten bags of packaging is also loose, not at all the characteristics of qualified products; is the worst shopping experience on Amazon and has requested a return; It's all a matter of quality; Merchants are advised to keep their eyes open and refuse inferior goods; Supplement: I bought Xinxiangyin, supermarket 23 yuan / 10 volumes, added a few comparative photos, further verified the falsification of the product, in order to give consumers a clearer reference, to avoid economic losses and further unhappiness!
Once again, Amazon is expected to be meticulous and strict with the source of goods.
So-so products, and expectations are different
Merit:
1. Big brand, cheap price.
ADVANTAGE 2: THE MOTOR AND BLADE ARE GUARANTEED BY PANASONIC, AND THEY ARE OK TO USE, BUT THERE IS A GAP BETWEEN WHAT I EXPECTED.
Shortcoming:
1. Charging without indicator lights, this most basic your power indication is saved, it is estimated that customers who buy 300 yuan products, in the eyes of Panasonic PANASONIC, are also handouts, no respect.
2. There is a strong odor When charging, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of plastic burning.
The office tried it for 1 day, and the whole house was filled with this plastic smell.
Compared with the Philips Philips Philips at the same price I used before, although there is an extra knife head, the quality of Panasonic's product is really sorry for consumers.
Small packages
When I received the express delivery, I saw that it said that the e-commerce version was written on it, and I knew that it fell into the pit again, which is smaller than the supermarket bought, it should be M, which is different from the picture packaging on the product introduction, the so-called new version.
Three stars is to blame yourself for not seeing the product specifications clearly, you sell the M code e-commerce version I have no opinion, how many meanings do you mean if the goods are not right?
The e-commerce routine is deep, and I still go to the supermarket to buy it when I have time.
Just sauce purple.
I don't like the taste
Children don't like the taste of toothpaste very much, every time they say spicy, maybe it is more appropriate to describe it with other words, and the child's thesaurus is only this word for the time being.
I bought it when I was doing activities, it was very cheap, so I was embarrassed to give a bad review, four stars, but I won't buy it again.
Genuine yo Packaged
The packaging is complete, with an inflatable bag added inside, and there are no online reviews only the appearance of a bare product.
There is also a layer of plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle as described in the picture, and the delivery is also very fast, and the next day it will come.
It's genuine, but it's out of stock, and I don't know when it will be on the shelves again.
A terrible shopping experience
The order placed on the black five, the result was not received for a long time, the latter inquiry, the package has already been signed, asked the colleagues around me said that there was no help to sign, quickly contacted the express company, but said that the sender can initiate an inquiry, contacted Amazon customer service, waited for more than ten days, finally figured out that the express was mistakenly voted to others, and several turnovers finally took back the express, the outer packaging has been unpacked, the goods are still complete, and I don't know if it has been used, in short, it's quite bad
Wrong picture
I thought I could receive headphones like Figure 1, but I didn't expect to receive headphones like Figure 2, even if the picture is inconsistent, what does it mean that the sound size on the left and right of the headphones is different?
Although the names are the same, I still hope that everyone can pay careful attention, and also ask the person in charge of Amazon to replace the correct picture in time, thank you very much.
The operating system is so-so
After a while, the overall picture is okay, I don't feel any difference, that is, this system makes people look tangled, the boot time is obviously a little slow, and it is not possible to set it well, and then the software does not need to comment, the response speed is more general, and the colleague's is not an order of magnitude compared to it.
Look at the comments that the design is very humane, I didn't find where to be humanized, the remote control this commonly used up and down, left and right, the position of the return key design is really not flattering.
So, let's use it as a TV, plus a TV box or something.
The price reduction is too powerful
The price reduction is too powerful, more than a hundred into now 99!
I have accumulated a lot of unevaluated orders on Amazon, so I use a copied paragraph as the evaluation content.
If I use this paragraph to rate, it means that this product has at least 85 points or more.
For relatively poor products, I will definitely not be lazy to copy and paste the evaluation, so that other consumers will use it as a reference when buying, and the merchant will improve the quality of the product.
Low price good line, no fever is enough!
Such a cheap line, but it should have reached the HDMI certification standard, personally compare these shit things in the second kill domestic Akihabara (the price is twice as expensive), the line body is thick, but also relatively soft, 7 meters transmission without noise, in the future low-price line to look for Base!
Stuff is okay, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites
After placing an order, it was found that it was wrong, but the cancellation of the order could not be canceled, and the webpage contact online customer service kept showing the wrong link, and could not be contacted.
After the arrival of the goods, the delivery man called me, I said I don't want it, I wanted to cancel the order but the cancellation was not successful, the delivery man took it back, said to sign for me first, let me apply for a return.
When applying for a return, it is told that the food cannot be returned once it is signed, and there is no way to call Amazon customer service, and the same is true, the signature cannot be returned.
I have previously bought items that cannot be returned on the policy in Jingdong and Suning, including milk, diapers, etc., and the contact customer service has been refunded, and the taste of Jingdong's diapers after opening is too big to contact customer service to return, and it will not work when you Amazon.
Rules are dead, people are alive, contact your customer service, how to deal with it?
Tell me that either I will accept it myself, or let the delivery man buy it himself, it is not easy for the delivery man to be in the first place, why should I let the family pay for something that is not purchased by myself?
Okay, I won't return either, I took it myself, but I have to give you a score of 1 for your service
Advise everyone not to spend money in vain
First of all, I look forward to buying, I think the Dole brand should not be bad to where it is, after receiving it, I think the packaging is okay, the size is not bad, but there is a box is basically soft, the appearance is not visible, to feel, eat to the mouth completely tasteless, tasteless, bite open the flesh is dark yellow is bad kind, good and bad ginseng sold, can eat less than one-third, advise everyone not to buy, not cheap, the quality is too poor!
Eat a long and wise, and never buy fruit in e-commerce again!
Where is the product security mark
The bottom corner of the bottle is dented, should have experienced a strong impact to cause, from the outer packaging bag, feel the degree of ravage is heart-wrenching, after all, is the food packaging is too simple, but also belongs to the international purchase, and did not see any obvious anti-counterfeiting logo, opening the bottle is very easy, the key is that a layer of honey in the lid comes out directly from the inside, there is an opening almost no adhesion, foreign products are like this?
Born in China, I don't understand a little.
It should be genuine, right?
There is also a reminder when I took a picture of the twenties, this was received on the 14th, I bought overseas for the first time here, just wrote down my doubts, maybe this is normal?
The pick-up service needs to be improved
I bought a total of 5 pickup coupons, at the time of pickup, the first appointment to withdraw 3 copies, the result was only sent 2 copies, after multiple communication to confirm that it was missed, after agreeing to reissue; The second appointment, just in time for the rest day, the website and WeChat did not prompt the need to make an appointment on weekdays, causing unnecessary panic, and it is recommended to improve it later.
Nice shopping
Stuff praised!
Still believe in Amazon's own things, now overseas purchase is very convenient, buy from abroad logistics time is a few days longer than domestic, I have to say that Amazon's overseas purchase to domestic customs clearance ability is still very strong, much faster than transshipment, so now many things are bought overseas.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic goods can be better, many things are domestically produced, but it is cheaper to go out and buy back than in China, and I hope to improve.
litter
Seeing such a package, I would like to ask everyone: Do you think it is garbage on the side of the road?
Is a plastic fragile package sent from the so-called Germany in a plastic bag?
I see that such packaging is the same as garbage, buying this product, the packaging and its simplicity, without any measures to prevent damage, just a simple plastic bag packaging, after hand, the package is completely deformed, and the items inside are also damaged.
If I just come across one of these, I recognize it, buy a few of them are like this, go to Amazon customer service, the customer service says that it can be refunded, but the freight is paid in advance, and then the freight is returned to me in the form of gift cards.
Let me ask, I pay for the shipping with cash, you give me back the gift card, this is to buy your gift card by myself, just say ah, but also mail the product to the German warehouse by myself, this is not to buy a product to suffer ah!
And I have always told customer service, whose responsibility is it for such a problem, but the customer service does not say that it is their responsibility, and even dare not bear half a responsibility, what is the guarantee for such after-sales service? In a word: recognize the plant! But I estimate that my evaluation, Amazon will not give the opportunity to publish, directly delete it!
Good quality 5 stars, poor logistics
1, good quality, second deal, moderate price, excellent value for money.
2, strong, sufficient material, strong solder joint, proper surface treatment, good color.
3, the logistics is a hard injury, the order placed on the 3rd, the 11th arrived.
4. If Amazon does not indicate that the expected arrival time is February 7th, I may be very satisfied.
5, but marking the expected arrival time is equivalent to giving the user a promise, and when the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user is very uncomfortable.
6. If you are not sure of giving a promise, please do not make a commitment.
7. Actually, I care a lot about the promises made by merchants.
8, so, I scored low.
The gold thread will fade
The effect is still there, but whether it feels obvious depends on the individual, or the psychological effect.
One thing that is not very good is that the golden thread, originally designed to look good, but in fact, this gold thread will fade, put it on the car, if you take it a few times, on the hand, and on the car, there will be some gold dust.
Hope the product can be improved.
This kind of square one, there is no decorative effect, don't engage in gold wire, fall down on the car to dirty the car is still troublesome.
The thing is intact, the speed is OK, it is packed in 2 packages and different packages
The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but it is 2 pieces divided into 2 packages, the packaging is not the same, obviously a shockproof is too much, thick cardboard is attached, sealed with a layer of plastic, the outer packaging is also easy to remove, one is like a domestic express box, put a few buffer air bags even if it is a thing, it feels a little perfunctory.
The Yalan mattress is really nice
The 34CM mattress is not generally thick, and you can sleep directly on the mattress without a bed.
The quality is good, both the front and the back, it is quite soft, it is very comfortable to sleep, and I fall asleep quickly when lying on it.
After receiving the mattress, there were two stains because of the violent transportation of express delivery, and Yalan's customer service was very responsible and efficient to contact and solve the problem.
It's not a self-operated product, Amazon is shameless
The page clearly marks self-operated, in fact, it is delivered by the supplier, and the supplier is responsible for after-sales, and contact the supplier by yourself if there is a problem.
I want to cancel the order, sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier and cannot be canceled; Want to return and exchange, successfully applied for a return and exchange on Amazon, sorry, no one paid attention to you, you need to contact the supplier to return.
This Nima which door self-operated goods.
The product is not Amazon delivered, after-sales Amazon does not bear, customer service actually said "I help you contact the supplier", but also claimed that it is self-operated, too shameless, naked faceless, naked fraud to consumers!
Depressing experience
The filter element purchased online before has a good filtration effect, and there is no scale after 28 days for another day or two.
Since the quality of the things purchased in Amazon has always been available, this time I want to buy here, the first time to buy a filter element on Amazon, I don't feel very good, not only did I start to have scale early, but the filter element has been used until the 28th day, there will be suspended small black toner, I really don't know whether to continue to use, or throw it directly, very depressed ~
Not as good as expected
Compared with the power strip I have used in the past, the external workmanship is average, how the inside is not disassembled, but as described by the store, from the perspective of ease of use, whether each independent unit is powered on lacks display
The package is damaged, wait for time to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is more seriously damaged, the inside of the packaging box seems to be new, but the manual does not seem to be new, only decorated in September, stockpiling, I hope it will not be bad by then, please Amazon explain why several customers mentioned that the packaging is damaged, but you can handle it safely, thank you!
Overall good, a bit of a minor issue
The first time I bought a water filter bottle, I read a few evaluation articles, I felt that LAICA's cost performance was higher and I chose this, received the goods according to the instruction manual to install the filter element, tried it, and felt generally good, but when pouring water, it seems that the raw water will be mixed with the treated water from the spout (the original water tank is not tightly sealed).
When using it, be sure to wait until all the water is filtered before pouring it out!
The picture is incomplete
The picture does not capture the details on the side, and the details on the side are not consistent with the style of the subject, which is very different, which is one of them; This bead is made in Thailand and does not indicate the place of origin, which is the second; The texture is not indicated, this is the third; When I bought it in the UK, it was clear that each item had its own box, there was only a simple plastic bag, and there was no product logo on the beads, where could I tell if it was real or not.
Be cautious when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service sucks
The order placed two days ago, received it today and found that it was reduced by 40 yuan, and it took a lot of time to find customer service, and the customer service said that there was no way to make up the difference, and it could be repurchased and returned.
This kind of customer experience and service is 10,000 times worse than that of a certain treasure.
Ok, as a newbie, it's worth buying
The quality is passable, and the best King Kong is not compared, I have seen the price of the mall before, let alone hundreds, I am playing King Kong for the first time, okay.
Stuff is good
The thing is really good, the delivery of my girlfriend, but at noon when I was not in Cana Express was a little unpleasant, the logistics company directly put the mail in the treasure and did not send me a verification SMS for pickup, causing me to run twice.
But the baby is really good.
Worth buying
The little monkey is cute, the Amazon discount is really big, Zhou Shengsheng's official website direct delivery, the night before yesterday order, this afternoon received it, really fast.
The postal courier is also responsible.
Support!
A customer's confession
1 After receiving such a defective product, Amazon customer service tells you not to be in a hurry, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service staff in the middle, they will tell you that the problem will be handled by a specialist, and he will inform you of the result.
You can never actively contact this commissioner, do not know her work number, and do not have a direct contact number, that is, you cannot contact her, only she can contact you.
3 The tragedy is that after waiting for nearly 3 days, this commissioner contacted me, my mobile phone left for a while, and I did not receive a call from this commissioner.
I waited for 2 hours without waiting for the commissioner's call, during which I contacted Amazon customer service and emailed customer service to ask her to call me back.
4. Nearly 3 days have passed, and I still don't know what Amazon will do to me to receive this defective coffee machine!
5 There is no problem with Amazon goods in the United States, overseas shopping is good, but it is far worse than the service to Meiya.
6 for me I can only keep waiting...
The bottom is uneven
Because looking at the reviews are very good, all of them are looking forward to this pot, and I like it very much when I get it, very light, but when I open the pot, I found the problem, the bottom of the pot is not flat, the middle protrudes, the perimeter is concave, the oil is running to the periphery, specially bought open pot big fat meat fried a lot of oil can not cover the central area, paste, open the pot can not be opened, such a structure is estimated to be unable to cook normally.
I don't know if I was unlucky and just got a pot with an uneven bottom, but thanks to Amazon's one-month return service, I decisively returned.
I brushed the pot clean and retreated, working for half a day.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve
This is a product with a very clean design style.
In the shape of the cube, the designer processed the top into a slight curve.
It was supposed to be very smooth lines.
Unfortunately, the final result was not achieved.
Because there are two parts on the top, the front is the control panel, and the back water box top cover.
The curvature of the top cover and the curvature of the control panel are actually inconsistent, and a height difference of about 2mm appears after stitching.
Although it looks like a small gap.
But it can be said that the whole sense of design is destroyed.
I feel a little sorry for that product designer.
It seems that Midea's product managers are not yet capable of creating such a level of products.
(Of course, you can't ask too much for the feedback of the after-sales lady, but when I heard the after-sales say that all the individuals of this product are like this, not only the one I bought has a problem, her disapproval and truthful emotions make me understand that beauty can not be too demanding) 2019-7-7The water output of the water pump failure is small, and it has been repaired for the second time, and it is broken two weeks after the first repair.
It's a good deal after the offer, and it's sad that the Amazon fake offer is sad
Buy one week after the baby is born, super heat preservation.
The outside of the pot can not feel a trace of heat, that is, it is not afraid of scalding people, and it can effectively protect the temperature from dispersion.
After an overnight air-conditioned room can still maintain a high temperature.
Amazon said that the anniversary event 320 discounts, later found that everyone 249, 289, 299, instantly felt deceived, but go to the supermarket to compare is still more cost-effective than the same price of various miscellaneous brands, in the future can go out with the car.
Vitamix Vitamix 6300
I have been waiting for a long time, and I see that Meiya 6300 is discounted, and Central Asia overseas purchases are at the same price, so I hurry up and start.
The order was placed on September 2nd, and the expected arrival was on the 21st, but the result was on the 12th, almost 10 days in advance, and the speed is really fast!
The packaging box is not large, directly using the original packaging of Vitamix, and Amazon is not afraid of breaking across the ocean!
The machine looks quite new, the accessories are complete, that is, the cup shakes badly on the base, and I am afraid to start the cup and fly out directly!
I asked a friend who has 5200 and listened to his description as not as loose as mine.
The included recipe is all in English, it's quite tiring to read, and I can't find Chinese version on the Internet, which is a trouble!
After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer, it is estimated that it can arrive in 3 days, and then I will toss it well!
Too small, no umbrella cover, average material.
Not large at all!
The second Totes, 1. This one does not have an umbrella cover 2. The material of the umbrella handle is general 3. It is clearly written Large, which is actually a convenient umbrella for one person, and it is estimated that two people can choke.
On the contrary, the one I bought in Meiya before can be used by three people without pressure.
It doesn't feel good
First of all, the box is not very strong, and it is deformed with a single press, followed by the back design to prevent the ABS scratching of the box surface when it is laid flat and does not work, and again the inside of the box is a piece of cloth wrapped, the place where the lever is prominent. Wait, all kinds of dissatisfaction, the final zipper is a little unsmooth.
PS: The wheels do feel good
It's OK
Pros: This backpack is more delicate and looks durable.
Disadvantages: the QR code on the card can't be scanned (what the hell), the 15.6-inch notebook can't fit (a little longer can't do), this backpack zipper can be locked, but does not prepare a lock for buyers, can not be described as service-oriented.
The whole is okay, I don't know if it is genuine leather
The overall feeling is okay, I don't know if it's genuine leather, so I can't evaluate it blindly.
It can hold A4 format documents, and it is estimated that a box-like object that is too thick and too hard to fit in 80 pages thick (which cannot be deformed) is estimated to fit.
The bag is very soft, and the inner bag separation is also more user-friendly, which is quite good.
It's just that there is a small trachoma at the bottom of this one I got, I don't know if it's my bad character or?
Too lazy to toss back and forth to exchange goods, endure.
A four-star overall is still worth it.
ForRoyal is popular all over the world camera straps SLR straps
This strap is designed to be scientific, hanging on both shoulders, practical, and the chest is fixed and protected with soft materials, unlike other fast gunners who use screws to fix the bottom wound camera, and it is also convenient to remove photography.
Garbage after-sales
I bought the piano a month and a half ago, missing a part, gave me an after-sales phone after notifying Amazon, after many communications, the parts are not received now, please what is this efficiency!
It is estimated that there will be problems after the repair is more troublesome, looking forward to good after-sales friends or detour, too much trouble!
There are minor flaws, the timbre is good
The headstock is defective, a corner is missing, it feels like a defective product, and there are no giveaways, but the price is already good, and the sound of the piano is also good.
It's okay, the first one
After using it for a long time, except for the bass that can't come out, it's generally good.
It's just that the workmanship is not as perfect as imagined.
When I first bought it, there was something wrong with the thing, all the lights were flashing and it didn't work.
I asked for an exchange, but the goods arrived in Shanghai for three days, and they were not delivered.
Calls to deliveries are also not answered.
The courier company said they only had that contact method.
Amazon couldn't find a place to complain.
Didn't ask for it, in case of late delivery, somehow delayed delivery at my request - such a text message came over.
Later, what about the transit problem.
Anyway, the very poor shopping experience began to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.
It is estimated that I will not be able to get it today.
The label is too sticky and not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not laminated; And the label stickiness is very poor, for the cable label is not good at all, it is very easy to fall off, buy it for sorting out the cable friends need to pay attention to it.
The pen is okay, but the package is too simple, just a paper box, there is no protection, and the box containing the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent glue, and the tear glue is on the box.
Six hundred yuan of things were treated like this, very disappointing for a purchase.
But the pen is fine.
Hope to improve the packaging in the future!
Quality is not said, if it is about writing, it is not as good as 925-25
First of all, praise the daily express, air parts, super fast, service attitude is also very good!
I have been using 925-25, it is very good, I just received 925-85, the quality of the pen is not said, the style is also very beautiful, the reason why I give four stars is because the pen is a little heavy, not suitable for fast writing, the cap adjusts the length of the lead core a little shaky, personal opinion: 925-25 is more convenient than 85.
Hence becoming a diehard Amazon fan
Bought at a super discounted price, as a result, the child does not like the reading pen.
It has been opened, tried to apply for a return, and actually picked up the package for free.
That's awesome.
Returns are not advocated, but such a service is the only one in China.
Hope not to be abused.
The books in the future were all transferred to buy here.
Headphone bias, and murmur
This headset is really rubbish, I don't know if it's a problem with my ears, or if this headset is really not as good as it used to be.
I bought a blue one in a certain easy two years ago, the sound quality is not bad, no noise bass is also good, after more than two years of use, I plan to buy another one (urbeats), after all, it feels good.
I saw a purple one that looked very good, but I bought this today and opened it today to feel wrong, with a loud voice and a small voice.
At first, I thought it was because of the sound effect of the song and didn't think much about it, but then after listening to it for half a day, I found that this problem was very serious, not only the biased sound, the bass effect was not as good as the one I had before, and there was a little noise, is it only the purple one I bought has this phenomenon? Or is the headset manufacturing process really not working now?
Quite a poor rating, disappointed.
Be sure to return it tomorrow during the day.
PS: Good appearance
This AV amplifier has complex settings, rough appearance and large heat generation.
The sound will be evaluated after a while!
On August 14, I just started the German version of DN1080.
1. Front panel, knobs are plastic.
2. The audio input socket of the rear panel, the speaker output terminal are all bad, and it is much better to find a 1000-2000 CD power amplifier all-in-one machine than this.
3. The top cover is relatively thin, my transformer side is still concave, I have to open the box to restore by hand, the top cover and front panel are loose.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is biased towards the transformer end, which is very awkward when moving.
It feels like a SONY entry-level machine, just that workmanship, made in Malaysia.
It feels like Sony is much better than Pony to be placed in China.
5. The machine has a large heat, and the top cover of the two channels used to watch a movie for about 2 hours has to be touched by hand to have 40-50 °C, I don't know if the transformer is too large and the heat is large.
Now with more switching power supplies, this stupid transformer is estimated to be 4KG.
Sony should use a silent fan with active heat dissipation inside the machine, and after unboxing, only see the large aluminum plate heat sink on the tube.
Small expensive
FANDUN JEEP Garment Co., Ltd. is a collection of R & D design, processing and production, marketing and trade as one of the clothing enterprises, mainly producing men's outdoor casual clothing, is a booming young enterprise.
FANDUN JEEP clothing pays attention to the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introduces international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and builds a domestic first-class clothing production line.
Maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts are made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that enterprises have been strengthened and improved in comprehensive management capabilities, and the overall modern management level of enterprises has been improved.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of "integrity, harmony, quality and excellence", and its products are based on the domestic market and favored by the majority of merchants.
Van Dun jeep costume, because young, so confident!
We sincerely welcome customers at home and abroad to come to cooperate and create brilliance!
Enterprise spirit: positive and enterprising, keep pace with the times, service tenet: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: lead the trend, establish a brand.
Never taken apart
The battery is in use.
Would love to dissect it and see what's in its belly.
Thinking about it later, if you are disappointed after dismantling, it would be too unjust to spend so much money; In case you are satisfied after disassembling it, it will be difficult to install it again, and it will be unpleasant to use.
Forget it, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed description of the electricity, the average person will feel weak in their hearts when they look at it.
Fortunately, I have worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time, in addition to not understanding circuits, I can also be regarded as a half battery engineer, and I can withstand it.
be overjoyed
I really didn't have a bottom before I bought it, until I opened it and looked at the package!
Finally, when I touched the headphone cable, I felt particularly flexible and the quality was so good, I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and turn on QQ Music.
I was shocked that the sound quality turned out to be surround 3D!
I asked in the physical communication store, about 30 or so, but by no means a pinsheng brand, it is a miscellaneous brand, so although this pinsheng is 27 pieces, but the cost performance is definitely worth having!
The worst online shopping experience
After placing an order on September 28th, the system showed that it had been shipped, but the result was that the goods were still not received until October 12th.
Check the status of the Amazon order, the seller did not provide the tracking number, and could not find out where the order was.
So I sent an email to the seller to ask if I could provide the tracking number, but there was no reply after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service, the customer service told the seller's mobile phone number, I called the store again, after calling a few times, the phone was connected, and I was told that the express was lost, and I could immediately send me another one.
Although I was very angry, because the computer was in urgent need, I didn't tell the seller much, just send it to me immediately.
As a result, the next day called and asked, was it shipped?
The seller said that it was not yet, and it could only be sent in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon to ask, the seller said that it must be sent, and it will be shipped after five or six o'clock in the afternoon, but when I called at seven o'clock in the evening, no one answered the phone.
On the morning of the third day, I called again and asked if the goods were sent?
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said that it was not sent, and told me that if I was in a hurry, let me order from another house, and if I could wait, I would send it in the afternoon.
No way, it takes a long time to place an order from another house.
I can only ask the seller to hurry up and deliver the goods.
Finally, after countless phone follow-ups, I received my computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because I bought it for someone else, so I'll add comments later.
I just bought it for half a year and didn't use it a few times, and now it's in bad contact, can I fix it?
Because I have a desktop, I haven't used it a few times after buying it.
Just carry it in your travel bag a few times.
Recently, it was found that when the power is turned on, it is not charged, and you need to use your hand to hold the connection between the charger and the wire a few times to charge it.
I suspect that the interface is in poor contact, I don't know if I can repair it now?
It is highly recommended that Amazon deactivate EMS!
Five stars for goods, one star for logistics, three stars for average.
I don't understand why Amazon sends EMS, the industry is recognized as unreliable, well, computers are also valuables!
The order after buying showed that it was expected to arrive on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
Why send from Xiamen to Fuzhou, why four or five days!
On the morning of the 22nd, the logistics check finally arrived in Fuzhou, ready to receive the goods happily, as a result, in the evening without receiving any phone calls, text messages, as soon as the logistics was checked, it was actually signed at noon, and it was also shown that he signed for it!
I was instantly shocked!
Who am I? Where am I? Did I really buy this computer?
I doubt life!
Finally, I ran to the collection point to move the computer back.
The specific reason is simply because the courier brother reversed the two order numbers, fortunately, the piece was not lost.
I strongly recommend that Amazon do not use EMS, and if Amazon uses EMS to send express delivery in the future, I will definitely not buy it again.
The goods are not bad
First of all, just bought a few days and found that the price was reduced, bad reviews, this is not bad, cost-effective, CPU and graphics card are enough to cope with mainstream online games and a considerable part of large stand-alone, heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a little light leakage (the common problem of IPS screen), the audio quality is not very good, the hard disk is not good (it is recommended to spend some money to add a solid state), yesterday took it to the after-sales to test the hardware, there is no problem, The built-in win8.1 is not very easy to use, it is recommended to upgrade to 10, the seller ships quickly, and the answers to various inquiries are also very fast, and the invoice arrives the next day after receiving the computer, not bad, but unfortunately there are no gifts.
(By the way, when buying keyboard film, you must not go to a store called E Cool Digital Center to buy it, the delivery is slow and the quality is poor, the product is not returned or replaced if there is a problem, the boss is still full of dirty words, special exposure)
Stuff is good, platform bureaucracy remains
The quality of the hard disk is very good, the cost performance is absolutely high, cheaper than buying in Hong Kong, and it is definitely recommended to buy if you are not in a hurry and can endure logistics.
But I have to say that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same, and a few years ago I swore that I would never use it when there was no improvement, you can never find out the actual logistics situation, the information will always be delivered after a few weeks, you can never complain, that's how bureaucratic it is!
The goods have been received for a few days, and the logistics information is still 10 days later you will receive the goods!
Logistics is not worry-free
Sent like this, not only the packaging is flattened, the packaging of electrical appliances is also open, and I don't know if there is a transfer package.
FYI
I haven't tried it yet, but I've always trusted Philips and wanted a longer battery life than other brands.
Check on the Internet, it may be a common problem of water ingress, and there is no warranty.
Depressed!
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it, I don't know how long it can be used?
Bought someone else has taken apart
The tax for more than 300 machines is indeed relatively high, and now more than 600 is much more balanced.
When I received it, the state of the sealing rubber strip looked very wrong, as if it had been disassembled, and I quickly took a picture first, sure enough, it was torn open, and the cardboard inside was damaged after opening, I was worried that it was someone else's return, and I quickly tried it for my husband before the anniversary, and the result was that the machine had no electricity at all, fortunately, there was no slag in the knife head, or it would be far away!
Whether it is good to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term is unknown, such as the previous evaluation, the things sent out when out of stock are indeed unreliable!
The sense of experience is on the upper middle level
Almost top-of-the-line electric, there are many cleaning modes, but few people will change different modes of brushing every day.
After using it for half a year, there is no problem, brush every day, almost 1 more than a week flush.
Brush head accessories are equally cheap to buy on Amazon.
App is a little difficult to use, in addition to changing the color those, other seemingly compatible problems are the reason for the overseas version?
Those who want to learn Dafa.
Good value for money
Already used 3-4 times.
1. The packaging is intact.
2. It is very simple to use and very convenient to clean.
3. You can get a DIY haircut and save money.
All in all, a very successful purchase.
There are fakes
Last time I bought two packs, it turned out to be two different versions, originally the words in the lower left corner of the package were green, but it turned out that one package was not, it was a white word, and as a result, the cat had diarrhea when it was eaten.
Whether Amazon's source is fake or dropped by employees when shipping, I can't be sure.
I will buy it again, and if it is still a fake, I will find you related people accountable.
It's crossbar!
Isn't it a lie that there is a slash on the Amazon picture and it turns out to be a horizontal bar?
The effect is ok
Cats love to eat, that's the point.
It does work.
Tight, narrow, hoop feet, grinding instep.
Not recommended.
1.UN is the most comfortable series of CLARKS, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Addendum: Today compared the previous UN series insoles (shoes are thrown away for use), the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, that is, fake soft.
2. My instep is not high, and the part of my instep is about 3 cm forward at the highest point of the instep.
3. Three pairs of clarks were purchased overseas, and only one pair was suitable.
I was so scared that I deleted all the fun in my favorites.
Go back and try rockport, but you can only go to the ECCO physical store.
Shoddy and poor quality control
First of all, it is worth affirming that Prime overseas purchase of UPS is very powerful, and the order under the 31st was received on the 6th.
The shoe color is much better than the pictures, and the leather feels good.
The shoe size is a little bigger, 25 feet long 10.5 wide shot 7.5W, the upper foot is a little loose, but I usually like to wear looser, a pair of insoles is just right.
Secondly, this shoe quality control really does not dare to compliment, one sole glue is damaged, the other upper has various scratches and a needle eye, the upper and the sole connection of the rubber strip is misaligned, obviously shoddy!
A little regret!
Do the activity 280 pieces to buy, this price to buy ASICS is quite cost-effective, of course, see the reviews and there is a lower price.
Now about the shoes, the advantages: the shoes are very light, running is quite comfortable, but also more fit, will not be loose.
The appearance is very high, but the shortcomings are also obvious: I generally wear 40 shoes, this time I bought 40.5, and there is about 1 thumb distance from the front of the shoe when I wear it, but this does not affect anything.
The shoe is very "narrow", although there is still a distance in front, but it feels tight.
Another point is that the shoes may not be very breathable, and it feels hot to wear them now.
Press the instep
First of all, the shoes are very well made and worth the price.
My feet are very standard, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, Amazon's ibu has also bought a few pairs, never appeared out of fit, but this pair I refer to the review, buy a larger uk7, after the foot because of the size of the length is obviously longer, but because the insole is too thick, or press the instep pressure is strong, plus the hiking shoes are very hard, resulting in very uncomfortable feet.
If your feet are not particularly thin, it is not recommended to buy this one.
If you must buy it, changing the insole can also solve it, but the original insole looks very high-class, and it is a pity that it is not necessary.
A perfect shopping trip!
Very satisfied, very liked, Amazon overseas purchases are genuine undoubtedly, the quality is also very good, good quality and low price, buy rest assured, after-sales service is very thoughtful, customer service attitude is very cordial and kind, deal with problems patiently and efficiently, perfect to solve worries, supporting express home delivery is very convenient and stable, delivery master is very considerate of customers, every time will remind timely pickup from the express cabinet, thank Amazon for providing customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
In short, our whole family loves shopping overseas on Amazon!
Absolutely bad review!
I was speechless about this agency and Amazon.
In the future, electronic products should be bought on Amazon or be careful.
Although it has been a long time since the past, it is still necessary to complain.
Bought in winter flash deals, less than 200, put at home for several months useless.
When I wanted to use it in the spring, I found that I couldn't connect to the bracelet, and the two device manuals expressed support for each other, and later found that it should be a problem with the heart rate belt, because I still couldn't connect to other devices.
Call Amazon and ask me to contact the agency, which asked me to send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After nearly half a month, the things were sent back in their original packaging, even the express box was the one I used when I sent it!
There are no replies and receipts and test reports!
Tell me if it's good or bad!
Call and ask, say that sending it back this way means that the equipment is fine, it is good.
But why can't I connect, the agency replied: then it's not their business.
Count me unlucky, too lazy to be tossed by you for a 200-piece thing.
Serious goods are not on the right board.
Very wrong goods.
The headband material is good.
Much better than Nike.
The breathability is also very good.
Just that hat on the front.
Very fine.
Are you here to tease the comparison?!
No sunlight at all.
No return because it functions well as a headband.
Wearing it upwards does not cover the sun.
But it's different from other headband styles.
Keep it for use.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks the spirit of contract, and the delivery man is good.
I request delivery on Saturdays and Sundays!
Amazon's regulations cannot deliver on Saturdays and Sundays.
It hurt me to drive 200 kilometers from out of town to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery man was positive and welcoming.
Give a thumbs up!
Product, simply tried it, not bad.
But I haven't bought a similar product before, so I can't compare the price!
Size logistics
The workmanship is okay, but the logistics is too slow, the previous shoes are everything DHL, this time Apex is really ... I HAVE BOUGHT A LOT OF UA IN CHINA, THE PRICE IS NOT LOW, AND IT FEELS HIGHER THAN NIKE ADIDAS?
Actually, it's all the same okay, so sea shopping.
Size: I am 176CM, 68KG, my shoulders are wide and the general clothes are 180, I bought M, the hem is slightly longer, the other wear is just right, I see that there is a recommended size S, is the figure so slender? Or do you prefer to be tight? I think it's better to have a loose hoodie.
The size is just right
Chest circumference 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, consulted customer service before buying and was told that I should buy xxl, and then read the comments to decisively buy L, and after receiving the goods, I found that the size was just right, and I was almost pitted.
The price of Double 11 is much more expensive than that of Black Five.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
Z affordable product problem is troublesome!
The order placed on the 18th, the goods received only on the 25th, the speed of Guangzhou to Beijing snail!
I bought a Z affordable product, and the instructions told that there were scratches, but after receiving the goods, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child is reluctant to return it, thinking that there is no big problem, but the small parts of accessories, the child's grandfather ran to several hardware stores nearby and did not buy them!
Finally Grandpa gave it to the glue!
It seems that you will not be able to buy Z affordable products in the future!
The quality of toy processing is not good
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, the upper bolt is very difficult, it can be seen that the processing quality is not good, and I don't know how long I can play, because it is something promised to the child, and it will not be returned.
Other reviews say that the installation is not laborious, is it only the one I bought that has problems?
Very general
Could it be that I'm unlucky?
The packaging is too old to work; The workmanship is very average; There is only one kind of music, and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeats itself; The action is to shake your head and walk forward, without any change.
Not worth the price.
If you use it urgently, you will not return it.
The quality of the toy is good, spit on the packaging
Received the express yesterday, Amazon bought it, marked EMS delivery, and finally it was sent by Tmall express, how many turns did this take? Amazon and Tmall have a good relationship?
Let's talk about the packaging, that is, wrapped with plastic wrap for several layers, there is not even a packaging plastic bubble paper inside, open it, all the parts are placed in the empty box, fortunately the quality of the toy is good, there are no broken parts, it is much smaller than expected, because it is not with a battery, hand push often derailed, feel that the gap on both sides of the track is too large, the design is unreasonable.
Good quality and fun
It's fun, the components are very accurate, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is similar to Lego, and the price is very good when doing activities.
The assembly process is quite interesting, I will fight, and my 5-year-old son will play it, which is very good.
He played with amazement and laughter~ I will probably continue to buy this brand of toys in the future.
The machine is new, and the sea is good
I looked at it at Christmas, and the one I bought before was 150 yuan more expensive, but the delivery is a little slower.
The machine is still good, all quite new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then connecting the Poké Ball will send a dream.
It's not bad to play, better than PS4, and it's more portable.
Already bought Zelda, wait for the game, try again.
Produce rotten goods, sell rotten goods, and as a result of rotten goods service, buy six watches to send to children, one of the fast numbers is not completely displayed, the time of the six pieces is inconsistent, the difference of more than ten hours.
I contact the manufacturer to ask if there is a check time for the watch in storage? They replied "Yes", since there is, then why is the time difference so much, it must be that the watch has no accuracy, simply put, it is a parallel product, not as I said ugly, look, obvious quality problems (the digital display is not complete) are taken out and sold, is it garbage.
I contacted the seller, and the seller said a lot of reasons, and complained that he should not have bought their things in the first place, such a product, such a seller, such after-sales service, who would dare to buy something on Amazon in the future.
In short, I recommend not buying things with this seller, buying things is also garbage.
Amazon shipping issues
After receiving the goods, the inspection found:
1. The table packaging is seriously worn.
2. The table manual has serious use folds.
3. The watch does not go, the lamp charging is not used, and the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, you can only mail to the United States at your own expense, and make up the postage.
The reason for 5 and 2 points is that the customer service is not bad.
It can only be said that it is okay
The time is not very accurate, about one second faster every day, and it has been more than two minutes in just a few months.
I have used a piece of Citizen before, and I feel that a year or two will not be a few seconds behind.
The perpetual calendar function is quite good, the timing function is a bit chicken, basically not used, occasionally touched to enter the timing mode.
Solar sports watch
Advantages: Solar charging does not have to worry about battery replacement, has world time, a variety of alarms and hourly reminders.
Disadvantages: The mirror surface is easy to scratch and dust.
Cost performance: the general price in China is between 220-300, and more than 180 overseas purchases (about 1 week).
Very happy watch
It must be genuine, I went to the counter to inspect the goods, the appearance of the watch is very beautiful, the workmanship is fine, the material is sufficient, plus it is an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight, it is those three or four hundred so-called mechanical watches can not be compared, this is genuine.
The timing of the watch is very accurate, the error is completely within the acceptable range, the packaging of the watch has a jewelry identification certificate, the 12 characters of the dial are real diamonds, this is very suitable to wear, as a gift to give out is also very faced.
Bentley watches are really good.
Worst shopping experience ever
On the evening of September 23, my wife's mobile phone fell, and on a whim I immediately came to Amazon to order an 8P, which is in stock but not self-operated and does not increase the price (I am secretly happy), because the delivery is relatively slow because it is not self-operated, the system shows that the latest receipt is expected to be September 27.
My wife died uncomfortably without a mobile phone, and the next morning at 6 o'clock called me to think of a way, and then went to Jingdong to see that 256G was in stock and could be delivered on the same day, so I had to order another one immediately.
After buying a new one, I want to cancel Amazon's order immediately.
Since the order is placed in the middle of the night, it is impossible to collect the express in the early morning, call the customer service at 7 o'clock to cancel the order, and the customer service reply has been canceled, please wait for the SMS notification.
Well, I waited patiently, and at noon on the mobile phone, the order was still in the state and still unshipped, so I immediately contacted customer service to request to cancel the order as soon as possible, and the customer service replied that the operation was OK.
At 3 p.m., I saw that the order was still on my phone, and I had no choice but to contact customer service again to clearly inform that it had been the third call, please cancel the order and inform the seller that it must not be shipped!
The customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request and told me that the seller was not familiar with the system and would wait until he was familiar with the system before canceling the order.
But clearly tell me that the seller already knows, and will definitely not ship, please rest assured.
When I looked at the order on Monday, it had been shipped, and I was speechless.
Since it is not possible to contact the seller directly, you can only call customer service again.
The latter processing is simply speechless, basically I say one step, and the customer service continues to operate.
The order is still in a delivery rejection state so far and is ready to be delivered again!
Won't Amazon take the initiative to follow up?
The seller's company also collected money anyway, and it didn't matter if it didn't follow up.
To sum up, large items will definitely not be paid upfront, this look is too troublesome.
It looks wonderful
I fancy this camera a long time ago, but because there are some other reasons besides the price, I didn't buy it, and this time because of the free shipping, the price is okay, so I bought it.
After buying it, there is no problem with the others, that is, when the software is connected, how can not be connected, my home is a TP router, after checking the Internet, I found that many people have this problem, got more than two hours, various changes to the settings of the router, and finally I used 360WIFI as a medium to get it, during the period to call Xiaomi customer service, they have no solution to this problem, directly let me contact Amazon for after-sales.
Another noteworthy point is that I saw user comments on the Internet that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, and the smaller storage capacity cannot be recognized, I hope you pay attention to this.
It feels okay to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is very poor, the machine has a certain degree of heat, if you keep it on, I feel that this level of heat is a little unacceptable.
To sum up, this product still has many shortcomings, I hope you should be cautious when buying.
The reason why I gave 3 stars is because I bought it with my first love in life, and I have been dating for almost 3 years, so I left me last year, and I have been until now.
The reason why I gave 3 stars is because I bought it with my first love in life, and now I don't know how much I use it, maybe throw it away!
After dating for almost 3 years, I left me last year, and now when I think of her, I want to leave this world with a heartache, and the first woman in my life has brought me a lifetime of shadows and heartache, and I have not been able to come out so far.
When buying this mobile phone, think about the two feelings at that time, or can share happiness and suffering together, but now it is unbearable to look back, life may be like this, some people do not want to encounter in their lives, some things do not want to know in their lives, but what is the way?
How many times as soon as I see the mobile phone of Samsung, I think of her in my mind, and the pain fills the whole body, I have never been willing to use a mobile phone of more than 2,000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I did not hesitate, no matter how good it is to a person, but one day when she changes her heart, all the mountain alliance sea oaths will disappear.
A boutique among domestic brands
Huawei is a boutique among domestic products.
Low-key CEOs and enterprises rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business atmosphere of relying on advertising operations to increase visibility!
It is impossible for a company without strength to do this, and it is not afraid to do so!
It is for this reason that I chose Huawei.
I have been buying it for more than half a year, and I feel that it has been very good, very good.
The reason why I didn't give a perfect score was because once when using it for offline navigation, there was a phenomenon of non-positioning, and I didn't find out the reason in the end, other times it was fine.
And its online input of the destination, after the search automatically designed the route, after leaving the wifi departure, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical, no need to run traffic, it directly talks to the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation, very good!
Sony Dafa is good
Sony's low-end machine, the sense of design is still full, and the price is cheap, the screen is large enough, the endurance is excellent, and it is very suitable for the elderly.
Although a long time has passed, there is still nothing wrong with this machine.
But because my Z2 was devolved, this phone also fulfilled its mission.
