This document is in accordance with the provisions of GB/T 1.1 a 202 久标准化工作导则第工部分:标准化文件的结构和起草规则起惠。
This document replaces GB 18030 - 2005 Information Technology "Compared with GB 18030 - 2005, except for restructuring and editorial changes, the main changes in expansion are as follows.
Having increased the number of persons to whom this document applies (see chapter 1).
The GB/I 13000 code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character elements have been changed in the double-byte coding area, and 6 duplicated Chinese character elements and 9 duplicated Chinese characters have been removed (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 version).
18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed in the four-byte coding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition).
Deleted the appendix "Additional Chinese Characters and Radicals/Components" in Appendix 〇 of the 2005 version.
Increased level of realization " (see draft article 9).
Added an informative appendix "General Standardized Chinese Character List; Code Position of the Recommended Characters" See Appendix Diao.
Please note that some of the contents of this document may be covered by patents. The issuing organization of this document assumes no responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is proposed and categorized by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The successive versions of this document and the document it replaces were issued as follows.
GB 18030 was first published in 2000 as GB 18030-2000 and first revised in 2005; this is the second revision.
GB 18030 I 2022
Information Expansion "Chinese coded character set
1 This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of the Chinese graphic characters and the very binary code for information technology use.
This document applies to the Chinese and other text graphics character information processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output.
This document applies to technical products with the function of information processing and exchange of Chinese and other text and graphic characters, including but not limited to software products represented by input method, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine fusion and flipping, speech synthesis, text transcription, and Qiaoneng writing, etc., and convenience products represented by computers, communication terminals, e-books, e-books, and learning machines.
2 Regulatory references
The contents of the following documents constitute indispensable provisions of this document by means of normative references in the text.
For dated references, only the version corresponding to that date applies to this document; for undated references, the latest factory version (including all change orders) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312 I 1980 "Character set of Chinese character code for information exchange" basic set
GB/I 11383 I 1989 Information Processing "Structure and coding rules of the eight-digit code for information exchange
GB/IW 13000 Information Technology Universal Multiple-Octet Coded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terminology and definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 character
An element in a collection of elements for organizing, controlling, or representing data.
3.2 coded character
Characters (3.1) and their codes are shown.
3.3 User-defined private use area
An area that can be specified by users who use products that comply with this document.
3.4 Word repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by a set of encoded characters (3.2) .
3.5 reserved zone
Reserved for future zones as specified in this document.
GB 18030 I 2022
4 Word Exchange
4.1 General
Characters included in this document are encoded as single, double or quadruple bytes .
The single-byte part includes all 128 characters from 0x00 to 0x7F of GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Double-byte sections
The double-byte part includes all the graphic characters in GB/T 2312 and 1980, the CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000, and some graphic characters.
Characters in the double-byte section are as specified in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphics, code positions and functions of ideographic descriptors shall be in accordance with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Japan, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs are assigned separate code positions; Chinese characters with the same abstract glyphs from different sources are assigned common code positions.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK Unified Chinese Characters CCJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Quadruple Byte Sections
The four-byte part includes the 66 CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 other than the double-byte characters mentioned above (9FA6-9FEF, excluding the 8 characters from 9FB4-9FBB), CJK unified Chinese character expansion A, CJK unified Chinese character expansion BCJK unified Chinese character expansion C, CJK unified Chinese character expansion DCJK unified Chinese character expansion under .CJK unified Chinese character expansion F and the characters of minority characters already encoded in GB/IT 13000. CJK Unified Kanji Expansion under .CJK Unified Kanji Expansion F and the characters of ethnic minority scripts already encoded in GB/IW 13000.
Characters in the four-byte section are as specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the text, any number preceded by 0x is in hexadecimal, and any number not preceded by 0x is in decimal.
All codes in the appendix are expressed in hexadecimal, and all other numbers are expressed in decimal.
The single-byte part adopts the coding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using 0x00~0x7F code bits.
The double-word tribute part uses two eight-bit binary bit strings to represent a character, the first byte code bits from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the last byte code bits are 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE, respectively.
The four-byte part adopts 0x30 and 0x39, which is not adopted in GB/I 11383-1989, as the suffix of double-byte encoding expansion, and the encoding range is 0x81308130 and 0xFE39FE39.
The first byte of a four-byte character is encoded as 0x81 1 0xFE; the second is encoded as 0x30 1 0x39; the third is encoded as 0x81 1 0xFE; and the fourth is encoded as 0x30 1 0x39. i.e. 0x81308130 0x81308130; 0x81308230 0x81308239; 0x81308230; 0x81308239; 0x8130FE39; 0x81318130; 0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c "0 0x81308239; 0x81318130 0x81318139 0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30 a 0x8130FE39 ; 0x81318130 a 0x81318139 ; Oo2douolag0c "0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 a 0xFE39FE39 .
The overall structure and code range assignments are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1.
6 Order of characters
6.1 Arrangement order of some characters in the monogram brush
The characters of the single character notation are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 Ordering of some characters in double-letter cities
The order of the characters in the lower part of the double word shall be in accordance with Appendix A.
6.3 Order of characters in the four-character brush section
From 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, there are 50400 code bits, corresponding to all the characters of GB/T 13000 basic multilingual plane not included in the double-byte part, and they are arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of GB/T13000 basic multilingual plane.
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058400 code bits are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the characters are arranged in the order of the corresponding code bits of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The order of characters in the four-byte section shall be in accordance with Appendix C.
7 Code position allocation
1. Code bit allocation for single-word city parts
The code bits of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
The single-byte code bit assignments are shown in Figure 2.
2. Allocation of code points in the double-letter part of the word
The code bit arrangement of the double-byte part is divided into 0x8140~ a 0xFE7E and 0x8180 a 0xFEFE two parts, totaling 23940 code bits.
The double-byte code bit assignments are shown in Figure 3 and Table 2.
Total: 23940 code points
Double Byte Area 1 : 846 bits
SS WA and RS Twinning Section, Zone 3, 6080 yards.
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 Double byte 5 area : 192 code bits
3. Coding space structure of the double-word vegetable part of the map
Table 2 Arrangement of code points in the double-word sniffing section
Man-size range
Allocation of code bits in the four-character brush section
The four-byte section contains Chinese characters and some minority characters.
The four-byte man code bit assignments are shown in Table 3.
See 6.3 for four-byte man code bit assignments not indicated in Table 3.
Table 3 Arrangement of code points in the four-letter smell section
code range
Table 3 Arrangement of code bits in the four-byte section (continued)
Code Bit Range Number of Code Bits Number of Characters
A total of 25200 code bits from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined.
The other unoccupied four-byte code bits are reserved for future file expansion.
8 Description of some characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030 I 2005, the glyphs in some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General principles
This document specifies three levels of realization.
The system software products conforming to the corresponding realization level shall provide input and output functions of all characters within the range of the corresponding realization level.
9.2 Level of realization 1
CJK Unified Kanji (i.e. 0x82358F33 - 0x82359636) and CJK Unified Kanji Extension A (i.e. 0x8139EE39 - 0x82358738) for the single-byte encoded part, double-season encoded part and quadruple-letter down-encoded part of this document at the realization level 1.
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements of Achievement Level 1.
Note: Depending on the needs of the software application, any one or more of the non-Chinese characters listed in Table 3 can be selected for realization level 1.
9.3 Level of realization 2
Implementation level 2 contains implementation level 1.
In addition, realization level 2 holds the coded Chinese characters in the General Standardized Chinese Character List (GSKL) that are not included in realization level 1.
The code positions and glyphs of the Chinese characters included in the General Standardized Chinese Character List (GSKL) in this document are shown in the following appendix.
The system software and support software should meet the requirements of realization level 2.
Note: System software and supporting software include but are not limited to operating systems, database management systems, middleware (see GB/I 36475 for classification of software products). Middleware (see GB/Industry 36475 for information on the classification of software products).
9.4 Level of realization 3
Implementation level 3 incorporates implementation level 2.
In addition, realization level 3 holds all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the kanghei radicals in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of realization level Flora 3.
Note: Administrative services and common services industries include but are not limited to railroad transportation. Road transportation industry \ Water transportation industry. Air transport, multimodal transport and transport agency, postal services, monetary and financial services, insurance, land, management, health, state institutions, social security, etc. (see GB/IU 4754 for information on industry classification).
Appendix A (Normative)
double character table
A.1 Content of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of double-byte encoded characters, and also gives the GB/T 13000 code location corresponding to the character.
A.2 Description of the table
Examples are as follows.
First Byte Second Byte Low
Double Byte Zone 3
Second Byte High GBCT 13000 Code Location
Appendix B (Courtship)
ideographic descriptor
This appendix contains 13 ideographic descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000, and gives their graphical and functional descriptions. Code location and function description.
There are specific elements shown in Table B.1.
Table B.1 Graphic, Code Location, and Functional Description of Ideographic Descriptors
The code of GB/T 13000 is similar but not equal to the code of GB/T 13000, which is used to express foreign words by a certain word.
left-right structure
top and bottom structure
left center-right structure
top-middle-bottom structure
full-surround structure
hemispheric structure
top shell structure
right-surrounding structure
right-side down bracketing structure
return to the lower-left-hand side of the envelope
upper-right bracketed structure
tenancy agreement
Appendix C (normative)
character list for a four-character script
C.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some minority characters, and also gives the GB/TI 13000 code corresponding to the character, but the location, and other parts of the glyphs are omitted.
C.2 Description of the table
Appendix D (informative)
Description of selected characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 Code Positions
B 18030 I 2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000, which have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Adjusted code equivalencies (continued)
This document and GB 18030 a 2005 GB 18030 a 2005 corresponds to this document corresponds to GB/T work 13000 code bit
D.2 Deletion of 6 Chinese character components in the double-character smell area
Table D.2 Code Locations and Reserved Glyphs
D.3 Nine CJK-compatible Chinese Characters Deleted in the Lower Double Character Area
This document has deleted 9 CJK characters from the entry GB/TI 13000 in GB 18030 I 2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 9 CJK Compatible Chinese Characters Deleted and Their Code Locations
Appendix K (Informative) General Standardized Chinese Character List Code positions of Chinese characters
This document contains all the 8105 standardized Chinese characters in the General Standardized Chinese Character List approved and published by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013, and their code positions and glyphs are shown in Table 1.
The order of Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of standardized Chinese characters in the 4 General Standardized Chinese Character Table, with the characters of No. 1 and No. 3500 as Grade 1, No. 3501 and No. 6500 as Grade 2, and No. 6501 and No. 8105 as Grade 3 characters.
Table E.1 Glyphs and Code Positions of Chinese Characters in the General Standardized Chinese Character Table
GB/IW 4754 National Economic Industry Classification
GB/ Work 36475 Classification of Software Products
General Standardized Chinese Character List. State Council of the People's Republic of China (Guo Fa (2013) No. 23).
The contents of this manual page are extracted from the complete documentation of the GNU C compiler and are limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless voluntarily maintained, EURo files, Info files are authoritative documents.
If you find a contradiction between the manual page and the software, please check the info
If we find that the contents of this manual page are outdated and causing obvious confusion and complaints, we stop publishing it. There is no alternative to updating the man manual at the same time as updating the Info file, because other maintenance of Gnu cc does not leave us time to do this. The GNU project considers the man manual obsolete and should use its time elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, consult the Info file `gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are from the original Texinfo file gee.texinfo.
DESCRIPTION The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both process input files in one or more of four steps: preprocessing, compilation, assembly, and linking.
The source filename identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the sui generis name controls the default setting.
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c-file, and sets up a c-form link.
g++ considers preprocessed files (.i) to be c++ files and sets up c++-style concatenation.
The source file's post-level name indicates the language type and the post-processing.
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source programs; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i Preprocessed c-file; compilation, assembly
.ii Preprocessed c++ files; compile, assembly
.s Assembly language source programs; assembly
Assembly language source programs; preprocessing, assembly
.h preprocessor files; files that do not normally appear on the command line with other postnames are passed to the Linker. Typically these include.
.0 Object file
.a Archive file
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E option is used (or a compilation error prevents the complete process), linking is always the last step.
During the linking phase, all .e files corresponding to the source program, -1 library files, and unrecognizable filenames (including specified .o H files and .a library files) are passed to the connector options in the order they appear on the command line.
The options must be given separately : de ' is completely different from `-d -r '.
Most ` -=E :and `-W' options have two opposite formats : -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno- name).
Only formats that are not the default option are listed here.
Below is a summary of all the options, grouped by type, with explanations in the sections that follow.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Specify the language of the file to be entered as language (instead of the default choice derived from the filename).
This option is applied to all subsequent input files, until the next `-x' option, .language, is encountered.
Turns off any explicit specification of the language, and therefore processes subsequent files based on the filename descendant RE AS E ` -x' option).
If only part of the four stages (preprocessing, compiling, assembling, linking) is to be manipulated, the ` -x' option (or Ah after the filename) can be used to tell geo where to start, and the `~-c', `-s', or `-E' options can be used to tell geo where to end. Note that some combinations of options (e.g., `-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c compiles or assembles the source file, ETER. ERA ATI By default, GCC labels the file with ` .ec' after the source filename by replacing it with ` .o'. GCC ignores any unrecognized input text after the -ec option -S F anything.
The objective of the document is to provide a clearer picture of the situation in the country.
Stop after compilation, no assembly.
Work with pipes instead of temporary files between different stages of the compilation process, because the assembler of those systems can not read data from pipes, GNU's assembler does not have this problem, the assembler is able to accept the C "dialect": support for ANSI-compliant C programs.
This turns off certain keywords in GNU Cc that are not ANSI Cc-compatible features, as well as ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax, which are welcome and rarely used, and the main function, which returns an int value, even though it is disabled for use in all the standard libraries available in the hosted environment. Typical examples are almost all programs except the kernel. The corresponding f£reestanding environment has no standard libraries, and the entry point to a program is not necessarily main, the most obvious example being the operating system kernel. (For more information, see the recent information on the gcc website).
Function declarations without arguments, e.g. `int foo ();', are handled in the C style - i.e. without specifying the number or type of arguments. (C++ only) .
Normally, such a function foo means that the argument is empty in C++.
The list of sections from which to delete attempts to support some aspects of the traditional C compiler.
See the NU c manual for details, which we've removed so that people won't HERI when the content becomes obsolete.
Except for one thing: for c++ programs (not C), the ` -traditional' option has the added effect of allowing this to be assigned a value.
He has the same effect as the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
In particular, the preprocessor is mentioned above, but not the other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers allows `$' characters in identifiers (C++ only) .
You can specify the `"-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly disable the `$' character.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not all.)
-fenum-int-equiv Allows implicit conversion of ant types to enumeration types (MEF c++) .
Normally GNU C++ allows conversions from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal--templates Produces smaller code for template declarations (c++ only) by generating a copy of each template function only in the place where they are defined.
To use this option successfully, you must mark `#pragma implementatio' (definition) or `#Pragma interface' (declaration) in all files that use the template.
When the program is compiled with `-fexternal-templates ', the template instantiation is all external. You must make the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be accomplished with a typedef, which references each instance needed.
In contrast, if compiled with the default option ` -fno-exteznal-templates', all template instances are explicitly built-in.
All member functions (except constructors and the mnew or delete member operators) are considered virtual functions of their class.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler is able to determine that a virtual function can be called directly; then it is called directly.
-fcond-mismatch Allows type mismatches between the second and third arguments of a conditional expression.
The value of such an expression is Void.-fthis--is-variable allows assignment of a value to this (only for c++).
Merging a user-defined free storage management mechanism into c++ makes the assignable `this' obsolete.
Thus, by default, assigning a value to this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this work with the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char Defines a char as an unsigned type, like an unsigned char.
Each machine has its own default char type. It can be either an unsigned char or a signed char.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz when relying on the signed nature of the data.
But many programs have been written to use just a simple char, and expect it to be signed (or unsigned, depending on the target machine for which the program is written).
This option, and its inverse, makes the program work with the corresponding default values.
The type of a char should always be explicitly defined as either signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
If the ` signed' or `unsigned' modifiers are not explicitly declared, these options are used to define either a signed bitfield or an unsigned bitfield.
By default, bitfields are signed because the basic integer types they inherit from, such as int, are signed; however, if the `-traditional' option is specified, bitfields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in a writable segment, and does not treat them as such.
This is for compatibility with some older programs, where changing string constants is a very bad idea, and the `-traditional' option has the same effect.
Executive summary
Impact of New Crown Pneumonia on Drug Markets
The impact could be similar to the economic crisis of 2008
The global epidemic of new coronavirus pneumonia has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed and nearly collapsed health-care services, and the restrictions imposed by Governments have caused serious disruptions in the global economy.
For the drug market, the impact of this epidemic is unclear and difficult to predict, but it has the potential to be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs because restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers who are unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and availability may change and the ability of Governments to respond may be hampered.
The transformation brought about by the new Crown Pneumonia is unprecedented, but there are still some lessons to be learned from previous crises.
After the economic crisis of 2008, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances and the pattern of use shifted to injecting drugs.
At the same time, Governments have cut drug-related budgets.
Interventions such as prevention of drug use and related risk behaviours and drug treatment services may be hit hard if Governments respond to the current economic downturn in the same way.
In addition, interception operations and international cooperation may be prioritized less, making it easier for traffickers to act.
A number of countries where large quantities of drugs are smuggled on commercial flights are expected to be the most directly affected by drug trafficking.
Synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine are carried by couriers in carry-on backpacks or concealed in personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. The use of commercial air travel for the supply of drugs may be completely disrupted by the restrictions imposed on passenger air transportation almost everywhere.
Although the international postal supply chain has also been disrupted, there may be an increase in the use of the dark web and the mailing of goods for trafficking purposes.
In the long run, the recession and related closures may disrupt the drug market.
As a result of rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable people will be more likely to use drugs in a harmful way, develop drug use disorders and turn to illicit drug-related activities, whether production or transportation.
Drug-trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation by providing services to vulnerable populations and recruiting new members to swell their ranks.
These shifts are likely to take root quickly and become a new reality for many communities as government response capacity diminishes.
Expansion and Complexity
market growth
Population growth patterns partially explain market expansion
Drug abuse has been on the rise around the world, both in terms of overall figures and as a percentage of the world's population.
In 2009, there were an estimated 210 million drug users, accounting for 4.8 per cent of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018, there were an estimated 269 million drug users, accounting for 5.3 per cent of that population.
During the past two decades, drug abuse in developing countries has grown much faster than in developed countries.
This reflects, to some extent, the differences in overall population growth over the period, which varied from 7 per cent in developed countries to 28 per cent in developing countries, but also reflects the faster growth of the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults make up the largest proportion of drug users.
During the period 2000-2018, the population in this age group in developing countries increased by 16 per cent, while the population in this age group in developed countries decreased by 10 per cent.
1 Urbanization as a driver of current and future drug markets
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the large-scale movement of people from rural to urban areas, with more than half of the world's population now living in urban areas, compared with 34 per cent in 1960.
Urbanization is likely to be a key factor in the future dynamics of drug markets, especially in developing countries where the trend towards urbanization is more pronounced.
Increased wealth is associated with increased drug use, but it is the poorest people who bear the greatest burden of disease and, worldwide, drug use is more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are even more strongly associated with wealthier parts of the world.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthier segments of society.
However, the rate of transition to drug use disorders is higher among people of lower socio-economic status.
Data from a small number of countries suggest that there is a link between harmful patterns of drug use and morbidity and low incomes.
These patterns appear to be less common in more affluent segments of society.
The economic constraints caused by the global NCRP crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks for the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been linked in the past to increased drug use, and the epidemic has forced tens of millions of people out of work globally.
CKP may lead to further expansion of the drug market The CKP pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in illicit crop cultivation, either because of a reduced capacity of State authorities to control it or because more people may be forced to take risks and engage in illicit activities in the context of the economic crisis.
Restrictions related to NCRP have led to a decrease in air and land traffic, and trafficking by sea may have increased as a result, with the risk of interception at sea being low and greater than that of smuggling by air or land.
There have been recent reports of cocaine consignments being transported directly from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The emergence of substances not under international control has stabilized, but new and potentially harmful opioids are on the rise and the drug market is becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of drugs is also increasing rapidly.
The domestic markets of Member States are characterized by approximately 500 new active substances per year.
Most of these are now stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and, to a lesser extent, opioids.
While the overall quantity of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Opioids accounted for only 2 per cent of the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, but by 2018 that figure had risen to 9 per cent.
Many of the new opioid psychoactive substances are analogues of fentanyl, whose efficacy and harm have been demonstrated, leading to overdose deaths in North America and, to a lesser extent, in other regions.
In North America, fentanyl is used either as an adulterant in heroin and other drugs (including cocaine and methamphetamine) or to manufacture counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is some evidence that new psychoactive substance stimulants are also being injected in Europe: a study of discarded syringe residues in six European cities found that many of the syringes were tainted with new psychoactive substances with a euphoric effect.
2 Use of new psychoactive substances may gradually become firmly established in vulnerable groups
There is almost never a large market for a single type of new psychoactive substance.
However, evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among socially marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, with most of them identifying synthetic cannabinoids as the main challenge.
Controls on precursor chemicals have forced drug makers to innovate Many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamines, methamphetamines and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and producers are constantly looking for alternatives, not only for less regulated substances, but also for chemicals specifically designed to circumvent controls, so-called "designer precursors".
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of NCP are likely to put a further squeeze on drug producers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this has become a reality: in March 2020, a reported shortage of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia contributed to an increase in methamphetamine prices in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing rapidly.
Replacement of opiates by synthetic drugs in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opioid market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opiates intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation declined by about 80 per cent, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use decreased significantly.
Yet the doping market seems to be thriving by the day.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including mephedrone and a-pyrrolidinopentanone, are now readily available on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities have reported a sharp rise in the number of recently seized clandestine laboratories manufacturing a wide range of illicit drugs, more than doubling in two years to 152 laboratories in 2018.
Growth of methamphetamine markets in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, surveys of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystallized methamphetamine has become another major drug of concern in addition to "fenetylline" and tramadol.
These findings were further confirmed by a 2015 study in which drug users reported that marijuana was more difficult to obtain than "fenetylline" or methamphetamine.
Recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered several methamphetamine laboratories, and the Board has expressed concern about the large-scale importation of pseudoephedrine preparations, which are used as precursors in methamphetamine laboratories.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacture appears to have begun in 2014.
Since then, seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily increasing.
However, seizures in the first half of 2019 amounted to one ^657 kilograms - a significant jump compared to the previous year.
Significant seizures of methamphetamine thought to have originated in Afghanistan have been made in other countries, also indicating that production in that country is rising rapidly.
Policy changes and trends
Most jurisdictions that have legalized the non-medical use of cannabis have shown a trend of increased cannabis use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of those jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized the non-medical use of cannabis.
In Colorado and Washington, two of the first states in the U.S. to pass legislation, non-medical use of marijuana by adults has increased, especially in the past month and on a daily or near-daily basis, and has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show an increase in cannabis use in Uruguay since 2011, with use almost doubling in the last month.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is the regular and frequent use of marijuana.
Short-term data from Canada also suggests that the expansion of the legal market from 2018 to 2019 was accompanied by an increase in usage.
However, 40% of marijuana users still rely on illegal sources to obtain certain products in 2019.
Marijuana Legalization Behind Plummeting Global Cannabis Herb Seizures?
In 2018, global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years, driven by declining seizures in North America, which have fallen by 84 per cent over the past 10 years.
In contrast, seizures in the rest of the world almost doubled over the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing cannabis markets have played a key role in the decline.
Regulation of new psychoactive substances appears to have a deterrent effect The effectiveness of regulation of new psychoactive substances in the country remains difficult to assess.
A number of countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of new psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, the adoption of domestic legislation has led to a decrease in the use of new psychoactive substances.
Vulnerable groups face harm from licit and illicit drug markets Pharmaceutical opioids for pain management and palliative care are mainly available in high-income countries Analgesics are unevenly distributed across regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries are home to about 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries account for 88 per cent of the global population but consume less than 10 per cent of pharmaceutical opioids.
Barriers to accessing pharmaceutical opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing a drug use disorder In 2018 about 35.6 million people suffered from a drug use disorder.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug use disorders and exacerbate their consequences. This is confirmed by researchers in high-income countries, where individuals' unfavourable socio-economic trajectories, not only their situation at a given point in time, are also associated with the risk of drug use disorders.
Drug use disorders can also deepen socio-economic disadvantage, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thus contributing to a vicious cycle of disadvantage. These outcomes may also be linked to stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and migrants, sexually diverse groups, persons displaced by armed conflict or disaster and persons in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug use disorders or experience problems in accessing treatment services.
According to the Disability-Adjusted Life Years (DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy life years lost due to disability and premature death, the impact of harmful drug use on the wider society has increased over the past 10 years.
Between 2007 and 2018, the number of global disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17 per cent.
The increase in DALYs associated with hepatocellular carcinoma due to untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, was particularly high - up to 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is complex and it is difficult to establish all the causal links between the use of psychoactive substances and violence.
The limited data available globally suggests that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But alcohol seems to play a bigger role in violence than drugs.
While drug use may lead to offending, in some cases the link can be partially attributed to multiple mediating factors, such as socio-economic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family circumstances and peer influence.
The links between drug trafficking and violence are manifold.
Large-scale organized criminal activities, including international drug trafficking, are likely to be committed without violence if stable criminal structures are in place.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depends less on the volume of trafficking than on certain changes that create an unstable balance of power between organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illicit market, the death or imprisonment of high-profile offenders, and law enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
Latest trends
Addiction Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, opioids most harmful
An estimated 192 million people used marijuana in 2018, making it the most used drug in the world.
In comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
However, the harms associated with opioids have been overlooked because of the low number of users.
Such substances were responsible for 66 percent of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017, and 50 percent of the 21 million years of life believed to have been lost to disability or premature death due to drug use.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West, Central and North Africa, it is tramadol that fuels the opioid crisis; in North America, it is fentanyl. The two regions have little in common in terms of economies, demographics or general patterns of drug use, but both are struggling to combat the opioid crisis, which is fuelled by substances that are readily available and cheap to produce.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has led to a 20-year increase in opioid overdose deaths.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the U.S. involved fentanyl.
Canada reported similar results, only in lower numbers.
Fentanyl causes overdose deaths in part because of the unpredictable potency of fentanyl on the illicit drug market.
In West, Central and North Africa, the market for non-medical Tramadol has grown significantly.
An increasing number of patients with Tramadol Use Disorder are being treated in the region.
In 2017, global interceptions of tramadol increased significantly, peaking at more than 125 tons.
In 2018, however, global seizures fell to 32 tons after India passed a new law regulating tramadol.
Contributing to the crises in both places were the simplicity of manufacture and the low cost of production, in addition to the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogues or their precursors.
Exacerbating the crisis in both places is the fact that these substances are available on both the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
Doping is on the rise
The area of stimulants is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are increasing in use in their major markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine is quite popular in North America and Western Europe.
Approximately 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most used amphetamine-type stimulant in South-East Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting for each other so that the use of one drug rises when the use of the other falls, and sometimes increasing and decreasing at the same time to meet demand in the same market.
New Crown Pneumonia Puts Injecting Drug Users at Increased Risk
It is estimated that about 11.3 million people injected drugs in 2018 and that about 10 percent of global HIV infections are caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million injecting drug users are infected with HIV, and 5.5 million people have hepatitis C.
In 2017, there were about 585,000 deaths due to drug use, half of which were due to liver disease caused by hepatitis C, which remains largely untreated in injecting drug users.
5 Shortages of opioids resulting from the NCRP restrictions may lead users to substitute more readily available substances, such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injections or inject more frequently, more harmful uses may occur.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphones
instruction manual
Products
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it in a safe place.
The headset itself comes with a medium-sized ear sail, so if you feel uncomfortable over to the bottom of the text two fusion of small although outside the machine.
01 Wearing headphones
The ear tent is gently tucked into the ear canal diagonally downward, to gently swing your head headphones do not field move as home.
When talking on the phone, point the headset microphone towards your mouth for clearer calls.
Please be careful to adjust the headset to expose the microphone when the driver changes the call.
Before charging and starting to use, please tear off the left and right headset charging points at the net a few, the charging box and headset fully charged.
Plug in the charging cable to charge the headphones and the charging case at the same time.
Charging box is not fully charged Charging indicator red light is on for a long time, when fully charged Charging:3 indicator light is off.
Headset charging, headset indicator light red light long, headset fully charged, and its machine indicator light white light long 1 minute and then off.
02Charge and power on
The headset is in the charging case and turns on automatically when you take the headset out of the charging case.
When the headset is not in the charging case and is turned off, press and hold the Multi-function button for about 1 second (the white light stays on for 1 second).
Press and hold for about 1 second
White light on for 1 sec.
turn off (a machine or device)
Put it into the charging case and the headset turns off automatically.
Under power-on condition, press and hold the multi-function key for about 5 seconds (the red light will be on for 2 seconds).
One long press for about 5 seconds
Human red light is always on 2 units
03 Getting Started
Auto-connect: the bureau pairs shift two headphones from the charging time outside the box to ten.
The two gorillas are automatically leveled, and the white light is on.
Then red and white lights resume six. The left and right capsules are connected in series.
Wait for the white light on the left/right headset to flash relentlessly. Turn on the device No tooth search for "RedmIArDots2" and click on the finish connecting solution.
After connecting for the first time. The sacchi can automatically connect back to the last paired device when it is turned on (Bluetooth needs to be turned on).
Caution.
If the connection fails, return the headset to the charging case. Repeat the above actions.
Press and hold for about 1 second to turn on the power
Headphone Indicator
Monaural / Binaural free switching; two headphones connected successfully will be binaural connection; put either headphone back to the charging box and turn off the power, the other headphone will enter the monaural mode, and then take it out again to automatically resume the binaural mode.
Manual Connection: Turn on both headsets manually when the headset is turned off. The white light will be on, then the red and white light will flash, the left and right headset will be connected in series automatically, wait for the white light of the left/right headset to flash slowly, turn on the device to search for Bluetooth connection.
Headset Reset
If the headset does not connect properly for use, please refer to the following to reset it
Headset: Take the headset out of the charging case, under the power off state, long press the multi-function keys of both headset for 15 seconds, until the red and white light blinks alternately for 3 times, then release and put it back to the charging case (to clear the record of the connection between the headset and the cell phone).
04The illustrations of product accessories and user interface in the manual are schematic diagrams for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the schematic diagrams, please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co.
(Xiaomi ecological chain enterprises)
Address: No. 60, Industry Avenue, Pu Lu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing, China
Support Phone: 400-100-5678
For more information about this micom, please check the sales website : www micom
Purification of the book: V10reae
functional point
The following functions can be operated on both left and right earphones, Tap to answer a call when it comes in; Hang up the phone during a call or a call, Play/Pause the audio when it comes to music, Long press for about 1 second to release it.
Incoming call, reject call During call, switch to headset/handset Listen to Jane Double-tap
During a call, turn on/off Mute Mode
On standby, turn on the voice assistant (requires the device to support the voice function and turn on the quick wake-up setting).
Answer the second incoming call and switch the call
When there is a new incoming call on your cell phone, click the Multi-function key to hold the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the Multi-function key to switch between two calls.
Basic parameters
Product Name :Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset
Model No. :TWSEJO61LS
Headset basic parameters
Product Size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single headset)
Input Parameters:5V II 100mA
Net weight per ear: approx. 4.1g
Battery Type: Lithium Ion Polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (unobstructed environment)
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 5 0
Charging time: approx. 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/ HSP/AVRCP
Talk time : approx. 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time : approx. 150 hours
05 Notes
warnings
1 Do not disassemble the headset for any reason. Repairing or modifying the headset may result in fire or even complete damage to the product.
2 Do not expose the device to excessively low or high temperatures.
3 Avoid the eyes of children or animals when using the device's indicator light.
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorms, which may cause the device to operate abnormally and increase the risk of electric shock.
5 Do not wipe the product with alcohol or other volatile liquids.
6 Do not allow this product to come into contact with liquids.
take note of
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use.
2 must choose the regular manufacturers produced by the national CCC certification of the charger
3 Prolonged and continuous use of headphones is harmful to hearing, please control the use of time and volume reasonably.
4 Use of headphones reduces the ability to perceive external sounds, so do not use headphones in environments that could jeopardize your safety.
Charging box basic parameters
Product Size: 62x40x272mm
Input Parameters:5 - 500mA
Output parameters: 5V, 150mA
Charging time: approx. 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Type: Lithium Ion Polymer Battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Description
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset product after-sales service strict
According to the "Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of Consumers' Rights and Interests" and "Law of the People's Republic of China on Product Quality", we will implement the after-sales service, and the service contents are as follows.
I. Warranty policy
1 From the day after you sign for the next 7 days, this product appears "Redmi AirDots true wireless bluetooth headset product performance failure table" listed performance failure, by the Xiaomi after-sales service center testing to determine that, can enjoy free return or exchange service;.
2 Within 8-15 days from the next day after you sign for the product, this product appears "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Fault Table" listed in the performance faults, by the Xiaomi after-sales service center testing to determine, can be
3 Within 12 months from the next day after you sign for the product, this product appears "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table" listed in the performance failure of the product, by the Xiaomi after-sales service center testing to determine that the product can be free to enjoy the repair service.
A Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Troubleshooting Table
Name Performance Failure
1 No sound is heard during use .
DENTIC HEADSET "2 During a call, the other party cannot hear the sound.
It's not charging.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1. Unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, neglect, minor use, fluid ingestion, accident, alteration, incorrect use of accessories other than this product, or tearing, alteration of labels, security markings.
2 Exceeded the expiration date of the three-package warranty.
3. Damage caused by force majeure.
4 Failure to meet the performance failures listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table
5 The product and its accessories have suffered performance failures listed in the Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table due to human reasons.
Names and contents of hazardous substances in products
Hazardous Substances This form has been prepared in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the part is below the limit requirements stipulated in GB/T 26572.
EU summit argues over refugee policy, EU official: reception process bottlenecks at every step - CNN.com
EU summit squabbles over refugee policy, EU official: bottlenecks at every step of reception process
[Global Times in Belgium Special Correspondent Niu Ruifei] According to AFP on February 10, at the latest EU summit on the same day, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce a stricter policy on illegal immigration as a way to make it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
The move by the EU is reportedly a response to growing concerns about illegal immigration in Europe, which today is centered on the small number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be repatriated.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize substantial EU funds" to strengthen the external borders with infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU is at loggerheads with member states over issues such as payment for the fence.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly said that EU funds will not cover the costs involved.
But diplomatic officials from some member states say that if the EU were to share the portion of the installation of cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along the external borders, it would free up national budgets for countries to speed up the construction process.
According to Europe's Euractiv website, EU officials have acknowledged that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process, and that the EU's refugee reception system is in a near "permanent crisis" as limited reception capacity and overburdened migration authorities in member states are unable to prevent refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications across the EU. permanent crisis".
The European Commission estimates that the EU's Schengen states received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half from the previous year.
Meanwhile, the EU recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
In this context, the summit also agreed on the "principle" that EU countries can return illegal immigrants to their home countries on the basis of a court decision in another member state.
In addition, EU leaders agreed to "increase the use of the concept of the security state," which would open the way for the EU to develop a common list, according to the report.
(Source: Global Times by Niu Ruifei)
U.S. escalates "chip war", hitting global semiconductor industry - CNN.com
Recently, the U.S. "chip war" against China has escalated - first, the Netherlands, Japan and the two countries in the U.S. pressure, agreed to start the control of China's semiconductor manufacturing equipment exports; after the foreign media reports, the U.S. government is considering cutting off all links between U.S. suppliers and Huawei Between all the links between the U.S. suppliers and Huawei, prohibit U.S. suppliers to Huawei to provide any products; Biden government is also ready to publish an executive order to limit the U.S. investment in the sensitive Chinese science and technology industry ......2023 soon after the start of the year, the U.S. in the containment of China's semiconductor-related industries on the development of the evil moves constantly.
In recent years, the United States to combat China's "core" development of the action has never stopped, while the precise suppression of China's semiconductor production and supply chain, while building a "de-Chinaization" of the semiconductor industry chain alliance, seeks to advanced semiconductor industry on the complete "Get rid of" China in the advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to draw South Korea to establish a "technology alliance", or with South Korea, Japan and China Taiwan to establish a chip "four-party alliance", or by the U.S., Japan, India and Australia, "four-sided mechanism" "Indo-Pacific economic framework" and other mechanisms to establish the semiconductor industry chain "small circle", the United States through the introduction of politicization, camp, weaponized means of the semiconductor industry, in an attempt to build a U.S.-led closed production and supply chain cycle, so as to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing, to maintain its position in the global chip manufacturing The United States, by introducing politicization, camping and weaponization into the semiconductor industry, attempts to build a closed production and supply chain cycle dominated by the United States, so as to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintain its dominant position in the global chip industry.
However, the U.S. "core tactics" against China with great fanfare, but also "hurt the enemy a thousand and lose eight hundred".
Recently, the well-known U.S. chip manufacturing equipment supplier, Panarin Group, announced that the group will fire 1,300 full-time employees and plans to fire 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters due to the latest round of the ban on the export of chip manufacturing equipment to China.
Global lithography giant Asmax Holdings of the Netherlands recently warned that a ban on exporting semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to higher semiconductor prices.
U.S. media analysis, in the U.S. government on China's chip and semiconductor industries such as the implementation of brute force suppression, many U.S. companies are deeply hurt, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer fabrication equipment manufacturers, chip makers themselves, and so on.
The United States so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry, but the global semiconductor industry chain, supply chain dragged down.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and has long formed a closely linked global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professional estimates, based on the specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products need to cross the borders of various countries more than 70 times, the whole process reaches 100 days.
Despite the strong foundation of the U.S. semiconductor industry, it is weak in manufacturing capacity, especially in advanced process technology, and is heavily dependent on East Asia.
Even if the United States is trying to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the United States-led "small circle" regional development, but the global semiconductor industry related to the regional distribution and interdependence of the situation is difficult to be changed.
The United States strongly "remodeling" "de-Chinaization" of the semiconductor industry chain, hitting the global semiconductor industry.
Chip is the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry cannot be separated from the joint participation of countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, the successive introduction of the "Innovation and Competition Act," "U.S. Competition Act of 2022," "Chip and Science Act," the use of scientific and technological hegemony, consolidate the country's leading edge in technology; allies, "Enwei and give" to induce Intel, TSMC, Samsung, and other chip manufacturers to set up factories in the U.S., and strive to ensure U.S. global leadership in the field of chips. Ensure the global leadership of the United States in the field of chips.
In the short term, the U.S. did create trouble and reap real benefits for the development of China's chip industry and related industries.
But in the long run, the United States hysterical suppression, forcing China's chip industry to continue to breakthrough, so that they have lost the huge Chinese market, and ultimately will greatly weaken the U.S. science and technology enterprises' willingness to innovate and innovation ability, damage the global chip industry development.
Gao Qiao
The first batch of personal pension financial products are on sale, and the shortest can be held for only 360 days - CNN.com
First personal pension financial products go on sale
7 products from 7 institutions to choose from Minimum holding time of 360 days only
Personal pension financial products have finally gone live.
On February 10, China Wealth Management released the list of the first batch of personal pension financial products, and seven personal pension financial products from ICBC Wealth Management, Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management and China Post Wealth Management were officially put on sale.
So far, the personal pension account "shelf" finally gathered personal pension savings, personal pension financial management, personal pension insurance, personal pension public fund four types of products.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension financial products, all for the public placement class net-type open-ended products, including five new products, two surviving products, in addition to one product for mixed products, the remaining six products are fixed-income products.
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter saw that four of the five newly issued products were from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed-income products, with minimum holding periods of 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, and corresponding performance comparison benchmarks (annualized) of 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, 5.25% - 5.75%. The benchmarks are 3.70% - 4.20%, 4.10% - 4.60%, 4.40% - 4.90%, 5.25% - 5.75%.
The remaining new product is "Postbank Wealth Tiyi-Hong Jin Minimum Holding Days 1,095 No. 1", which is also a fixed-income product, with the fund-raising process starting on February 10th and ending on February 19th, and with a risk rating of Level II.
Of the two surviving products, one is the "Agribank Concentric - Lingdang" 360-day technological innovation RMB financial product of Agribank Wealth Management, which is of mixed nature and has a risk level of Grade 3.
The other surviving product is "Postbank Wealth Tiyi-Hong Jin Minimum Holding 365 Days No. 1", fixed-income type, which was launched on December 30 last year and formally operated on January 4 this year, with a cumulative net value of 1.0011 on February 8, the product has been in the market for a long time and is expected to be launched in the near future.
According to the Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Individual Pensions, the financial products in which funds in individual pension accounts can be invested include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance and public funds.
The first batch of personal pension financial products are put on sale, marking the fact that personal pension investors can formally purchase financial products through their personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the CBIRC formulated the Interim Measures for the Administration of Personal Pension Businesses of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies.
The Measures provide that participants may purchase personal pension products such as personal pension savings, personal pension financial products, personal pension insurance products and personal pension public fund products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice specifying that the personal pension system was launched in Beijing and Tianjin, as well as 36 pioneer cities and regions such as Shijiazhuang and Xiong'an New Area in Hebei and Jincheng City in Shanxi.
By the end of 2022, there were 19.54 million individual pension participants, 6.13 million contributors, and total contributions of $14.2 billion.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot program only had three types of products on their shelves: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension public funds.
Now, after the personal pension financial products are also gathered, how should investors choose?
Experts from the R&D department of CBI's financial products said that compared to other personal pension products, both the pilot stage pension financial products and personal pension financial products are characterized by three aspects.
The first is robustness, with a more robust risk management mechanism, more robust investment strategies and philosophies, and the implementation of independent third-party custodianship by a non-parent bank.
Second, long-term, the pilot phase of the pension financial products are five years and above, the next step in the issuance of personal pension financial products, the shortest holding period is in principle one year, encouraged to hold more than three years.
The third is universality, the product purchase threshold is low, the starting point is generally 1 yuan, some as low as 0.01 yuan, the product's custodian fee, management fee and other rates are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of longer term, higher interest rate and high security, which are suitable for people with weak risk-tolerance ability; personal pension insurance products emphasize on protection, which are more suitable for people who can't bear the investment risk and can accept the stable income; and personal pension financial products and public fund products don't guarantee the capital or the income, which have a certain investment risk, but the expected income is higher, which is suitable for people who have a certain degree of financial knowledge and higher risk-tolerance ability. They have certain investment risks but higher expected returns, and are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and higher risk-bearing ability.
Writer/ Reporter Cheng Jie Coordinator/ Ji Haibo
Fitness industry should get rid of crisis of confidence - CNN.com
Another large gym "mine"?
Recently, the issue of the rights of members of the well-known fitness organization Zhongjian Fitness has attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores did not operate normally, and then the rumors about the organization's closure and running away caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of public security and human resources departments.
In the end, the storm subsided only when the relevant person in charge of the organization responded by promising to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members.
Some stores of individual fitness organizations have operational problems and are temporarily closed, consumers could have calmly waited for the problem to be solved, why is the first reaction of many members "something bad"?
Behind the health club members' rights fiasco is a deep-seated crisis of trust in the industry.
Domestic traditional gyms generally take the prepaid model, "earn money that users do not come" is the underlying logic of its development.
Through the pre-sale of membership cards to obtain cash flow, and constantly open new stores, it seems to be able to cycle back and forth, but in fact, cribbing, can not form a stable profit model.
Negative information about the industry, such as gyms running away, has been coming out frequently, dealing a strong blow to consumer confidence.
In terms of market prospects, the gym is certainly considered a good business with "money".
The fitness track has had its ups and downs, but has always received capital attention.
A number of data show that the culture and sports consumption and other areas of heat is rising, the market continues to pick up.
Specifically to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of the standard of living of the population, the concept of healthy living is deeply rooted in people's hearts, the development of the fitness industry has great potential.
The more the situation is improving, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, individual organizations are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the consumer recovery, just out of the crisis, and then blow the horn to open up new territories, the financing funds a brain into the construction of new stores.
Undeniably, the impact of the epidemic in the past few years, a number of organizations to withdraw, the industry reshuffle, the strength of the enterprise at this time to selectively increase the acquisition efforts, re-layout, is not a new opportunity.
However, the development of the fitness market to enter a virtuous cycle, on the road to stability and prosperity, the industry must change the traditional model, change the business strategy.
Only by playing steadily and steadily, re-establishing the trust and security of consumers, can we really win the market and win the future.
Compared with the big build new stores to capture the market, the fitness industry is currently more need to sink to optimize the service, with high-quality development to stabilize the user.
First, it is important to retain users by service.
Gym belongs to the service industry, the essence of which is to adhere to the "user-oriented", to closely around the needs of users, the business focus on the quality of service upgrading.
Second, it's all about digital transformation to enhance the user experience.
For example, the popular Internet gym model, which realizes pay-per-use and venue self-selection.
At the same time, body data and sports data can be effectively utilized, and social needs can also be met, realizing a complete closed loop of services from online to offline.
No personal trainer sales, no huge annual card, the user of the fitness organization "run" the worry is reduced, the sense of trust is also increased.
In addition, it is important to actively explore diversified business models.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to scene consumption, fitness clubs are expected to become the new entrance to consumption, and peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment needed around fitness may become a new point of profitability, providing consumers with richer choices.
Jiang Tianjiao (modest)
We will refund the difference in price if you buy expensive!
Nanjing real estate market reappeared "price difference compensation" - China News Service
Yangzi Evening News (Reporter Ma Zuo Bo) Yangzi Evening News / Ziniu News reporter found in an interview on the 10th, more than ten years have not seen the "price guarantee agreement" and back to the Nanjing property market, is located in the Jiangbei New District, a property claimed that the "difference in the price of the compensation", in the handover of the housing before the other housing stock The discount is greater than the previous discount, the developer is willing to buyers for the exchange of housing and refund the difference in price.
There are a lot of conditions in a "guaranteed price agreement".
This is located in the Jiangbei New District of the real estate named Poly Yangzi Zuiyuntai, home buyers, Mr. Sun told reporters that he found a "statement" last weekend when he visited the property.
The picture he sent to the reporter shows that the developer of the property promises that anyone who purchases a property during the period of February 1 - February 28, from the date of the signing of the contract of sale and purchase between the two parties to the delivery of the corresponding property, if the preferential discounts of the other properties in the project are greater than the discounts enjoyed by the previous purchases (limited to the other unsold properties belonging to the same type of household, the same building, the same unit, the same property type as the commercial property), the developer The developer may exchange the property for the purchaser and refund the difference in price.
Mr. Sun said that the real estate adviser said that this is actually a "price guarantee agreement", the purpose is to allow buyers to rest assured that they do not have to worry about the development of corporate price cuts promotions, "Now I'm afraid to buy the end of it on the price cuts, go to the sales office to make trouble it do not have the time to make trouble, and do not make trouble if the heart! ".
There are also many home buyers believe that the "price guarantee agreement" is to give home buyers to eat "peace of mind", but the conditions are not low.
Intends to buy a freshly built house in Jiangbei Ms. Zheng said that the price of the housing stock first of all to the same type, but also in the same building, the same unit, buyers can compare the price of the housing stock is very few, so the "threshold" is still quite high.
Some buyers believe that due to information asymmetry, sales do not rule out giving additional concessions, buyers "rights" is not difficult.
It remains to be seen if the buyers will be retained
Reporter in Nanjing online real estate on the query that the property in November last year, the first two buildings a total of 252 suites of sources of sales permits, floor area of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc., fully furnished sales permits average price of 39,843 yuan / square meters.
However, more than two months have passed, online real estate shows that the current total number of unsold sets of the property is 157 sets, accounting for 62.3%, of which a total of 128 sets of building 8, unsold sets of 113 sets of building 7 of 124 sets of 44 sets of unsold sets of the project's total number of sets of only 33 sets, accounting for only 13%.
Market participants, "price guarantee agreement" in 2008 also appeared in Nanjing.
In August of that year, Hengtang Xiyuan, a real estate development on Huangshan Road in Hesi, launched a "Price Guarantee Program" in order to attract buyers, with specific content as "the company solemnly promises that if the project's preferential margins are expanded within one year, the resulting difference, the company will return the difference to the old owners.
Since then in April 2011, Nanjing, there are also nine properties to take out part of the housing stock commitment to "price difference compensation".
"The housing market is picking up, and a 'shot in the arm' is more than needed at this time.
"Nanjing real estate industry, a senior trader Mr. Shen said, "price guarantee agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of real estate enterprises.
He believes that today's development companies need more confidence than buyers, the launch of the "price guarantee agreement" is in fact to give it a boost.
As for whether it can retain buyers, he said it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as regulatory policies, loan thresholds and so on, and as of now it remains to be seen.
Multiple data recession Taiwan's economy starts year off poorly - CNN.com
Taipei, Feb. 11 (Xinhua News Agency) (Reporter Zhao Bo, Huang Yang) export trade volume "five black", manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) tightened for the seventh consecutive month, the consumer price index (CPI) is again seen in the "three words" ...... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have been releasing January 2023 economic data.
Expert analysis suggests that Taiwan's economy started the year with a poor performance and growth pressure.
According to the Taiwan authorities in charge of financial affairs announced that Taiwan's exports in January this year, 31.51 billion U.S. dollars, an annual decrease of 21.2%, the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
The export value of all 11 major export categories declined when compared with the same period last year.
Plastic rubber and its products, optical equipment fell the deepest, respectively, 37.6%, 35.7% annual decline.
Electronic components exports fell 20.1% annually, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits decreased by 18.3% annually, the largest decline in 14 years.
The department's director of statistics, Tsai Mei-na, said it shows that the consumer electronics industry demand weakness effect spread, the electronics industry into the correction period.
Statistics show that in January, Taiwan's imports and exports fell, out of the excess amount of only 2.34 billion U.S. dollars, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The Taiwan authorities in charge of financial affairs believe that the global end demand is reduced, the industry to adjust the inventory to inhibit the willingness of manufacturers to purchase materials, the export trend is difficult to see improvement in the short term, Taiwan's first quarter of this year's export recession is afraid to be higher than expected.
According to Taiwan's China Institute of Economic Research, Taiwan's manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) in January this year, seasonally adjusted to 40.4%, compared with December last year continued to fall 3.3 percentage points, the seventh consecutive month of tightening.
In the economic monitoring indicator system, PMI with 50% as the honor and desiccation line, the index is greater than 50%, representing the boom expansion, and vice versa for contraction.
Of the five components of the Taiwan PMI in January, new orders, production and labor hiring tightened, supplier lead times fell, and inventories tightened.
All six industries returned tight PMI, each industry in order of speed of contraction for the power and machinery and equipment industry (35.1%), electronics and optical industry (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology and medical industry (39.2%), basic raw materials industry (42.4%), transportation industry (42.6%) and the food and textile industry (45.7%).
Prices, the Taiwan authorities, "General Accounting Office" announced that in January this year, Taiwan's CPI annual growth rate of 3.04%, since July last year again exceeded 3%.
Among them, vegetable prices soared 28.25 percent to a 17-month high.
Taiwan's "Office of the Comptroller General" specialized members Cao Zhihong frankly, vegetable prices rose beyond expectations, excluding the Spring Festival factors, January and February this year, the average CPI should be close to last December's 2.71%, inflationary pressure still exists, and is still at a high point.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, a combination of "United Daily News", "Yahoo Finance" and other media reports on the island, experts expressed pessimism.
Taiwan's "Central University" Department of Economics Professor Wu Daren analysis, the export recession may cause export manufacturing manufacturers cash flow problems, the risk of debt defaults rise.
At the same time, fewer orders led manufacturers to cut labor costs, affecting the labor market and household economy, which in turn impacted spending power.
Taiwan Economic Research Institute researcher Qiu Dasheng believes that this year, Europe and the United States inflation situation has not been resolved, the demand continues to shrink, it is predicted that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, the annual economic growth performance will not be as good as last year's due to the impact of the export slump.
"An important engine of global recovery" - CNN.com
"Responding to the impact of the new crown epidemic, China's economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations indicate that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
"Spain's well-known China experts, China Policy Watch honorary adviser Julio Rios recently accepted this reporter said in an interview, the current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, the economic and social development of vitality will be further released.
Rios said that in the face of the impact of various unanticipated factors, China has responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully reflecting its economic resilience and management level.
While China is steadfastly expanding its openness to the outside world, the endogenous impetus for economic development is increasing, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises are developing synergistically.
Every year, China's National People's Congress and National People's Political Consultative Conference (NPPCC) are held, where delegates and members of the NPPCC discuss the country's major development plans and hot issues concerning people's livelihoods, so as to broadly forge consensus, gather people's hearts and wisdom, and add strength to China's development.
"Since reform and opening up, China has realized long-term high-speed development and is now entering a stage of high-quality development.
The international community is looking forward to China's wisdom and solutions, and to the new opportunities that China's development will bring to the world.
"Rios said that China is currently promoting scientific and technological innovation, injecting new impetus for economic and social development, "financial investment, talent training, policy incentives, which allows China to continue to be dynamic in the new five-year plan."
In Rios' view, reforming the economic system is a difficult task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), China has taken proactive measures to stabilize the economy by giving full play to both the strengths of the market economy and the superiority of the socialist system.
Focusing on the strategic base of expanding domestic demand, increasing financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of the private sector, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and the manufacturing industry, adhering to innovation and development, promoting employment, raising the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meeting the people's multi-level and diversified consumption needs ...... China has completely, accurately and comprehensively carried out the New Development Concept, and is striving to Promoting high-quality development and building a new development pattern will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
"Stabilizing economic recovery after the epidemic is a common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
"Rios said that he looked forward to the cooperation in building the Belt and Road continuing to play its important role in improving the level of infrastructure in all countries and strengthening connectivity in various fields, and continuing to release greater momentum.
(Madrid)
(People's Daily reporter Yan Huan)
Report: Number of international students returning to China for jobs to hit new high in 2022 - CNN.com
Top 10 Countries of Study for Fresh International Students Returning to China to Seek Jobs in 2022 Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
BEIJING, Feb. 11 (Xinhua) -- The recently released "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") shows that the scale of fresh international students in 2022 has increased by 8.6% year-on-year, the number of international students returning to China to seek employment has reached a new high, and the demand of Chinese enterprises for overseas talents has also shown an upward trend.
The report noted that since 2020, the number of returnees seeking jobs within China has grown significantly, and the number of fresh international students returning to their home countries has increased.
Compared with 2021, the size of fresh international students in 2022 will increase by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to their home countries to seek employment will reach a new high.
In terms of the distribution of countries of study for returning international students seeking employment, the UK has the highest share at 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), ranking in line with 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth rate, the number of fresh international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore in 2022 increased significantly year-on-year, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9% and 37.7% respectively.
The number of recent international students from Canada, Germany, the U.S., and Australia declined year-on-year.
2023 Trend of supply and demand of returnee talents in the first week after Chinese New Year Figure Source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
According to the survey, 58% of the international students who decided to go back to China believe that "life in China is more convenient", 40% decided to go back to China because they "identify more with the cultural environment in China", and 32% believe that "there are more job opportunities in China". 32% believe that "there are more job opportunities in China" and 22% believe that economic activities in China will recover faster and more job opportunities will be available.
Data show that the current domestic enterprises' demand for overseas talents is rapidly releasing, and the demand for returnee talents is on the rise.
In the first week after the Chinese New Year 2023, both the number of seafarer-prioritized jobs and the number of seafarers seeking employment in the country showed an upward trend, with the number of seafarer-prioritized jobs on February 3 up 11% from January 28, and the number of seafarers looking for employment up 27%.
In terms of industry, the number of 2022 returnee priority jobs from the education/training industry accounted for 27.8%, ranking first, while the professional services/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second and third with 14.3% and 11.1%, respectively.
Changes in the number of returnees seeking jobs in China in recent years Figure source: 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for returnee-preferred positions has been higher for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan per month (RMB, same below) in 2022, up 961 yuan or 7% from 13,719 yuan per month in 2021.
Geographically, the returnee group's willingness to go to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier and lower cities in 2022 has increased, and the percentage of deliveries in 2022 is 31%, 15.7% and 14.3% respectively, all higher than the percentage of deliveries in 2021.
Regarding the gains from studying abroad, 52.7% of returnees said they basically met their expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared with the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of returnees said it was higher or much higher than expected, which is also higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(END)
Save half the cost or more?
Henan Province standardizes and integrates the price of oral implant medical services - China News Service
CCTV news: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but the price of tens of thousands of dollars a piece has always deterred many patients.
This year, with the accelerated landing of the dental implant collection, the local dental implant price reduction is also on the agenda.
From February 10, the whole process of regulating the price of medical services in Henan Province for a single conventional dental implant is targeted at 4,300 yuan, and the cost of a single conventional implant for the whole process is not higher than 97% of the regulation target.
Dental implants refer to a type of missing tooth restoration that is based on a lower structure implanted into the bone tissue to support and retain the upper dental restoration.
The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that the price of a single conventional implant, for example, from the implant to the final restoration, is about sixteen or seven thousand dollars.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me, like my case is almost 8000 yuan, less than 10,000 yuan, basically can save half.
On the basis of the current project, Henan Province has also integrated and determined the "implant implantation fee (single)" and other 15 oral implant medical service price items, and uniformly formulated the price of public medical institutions under provincial control and the category of medical insurance payment, canceled or adjusted dental implant implantation and other 20 medical service price items.
Zhengzhou City Medical Security Bureau of medicine prices and bidding and purchasing director Li Yunjie: benefit is mainly four sides, one is the health insurance, health insurance spending less; hospitals accounted for less, the patient will be increased appropriately; on the supplier to get a market; for our patients is the most beneficial party, plant a tooth cost may be reduced by half or even more.
Shenzhen: creating the first domestic and world-leading city of extreme speed pioneers - Chinanews.com
February 11 (Xinhua) - According to the "Shenzhen Industry and Information" WeChat public number 10 news, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen City Pioneer City Construction Action Plan".
It is proposed that by the end of 2023, a super broadband network with high speed, large capacity and low latency will be built, realizing the network construction goal of "double gigabit, full optical network, 1 millisecond, and all things are connected", and creating the first domestic and world-leading city of extreme speed pioneers.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrading of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial zones) will exceed 100.
The Plan calls for comprehensively improving the energy efficiency of 5G networks.
Researching and formulating Shenzhen's 5G network quality of service specification standards, carrying out 5G network testing and evaluation, and improving 5G network quality of service.
Supporting basic telecom enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, 10,000 new 5G base stations were added throughout the year, the city's average download rate reached 500Mbps, the uplink rate reached 100Mbps, and the download rate in key areas reached 1,000Mbps, the uplink rate reached 200Mbps, and the network rate and the user's sense of experience were significantly improved.
Creating city-level, high-quality wireless LANs.
Formulate specifications for wireless local area network (WLAN) services in public places, and promote the upgrading of WLANs in areas with high population density and concentrated demand for information consumption in all districts of the city to provide gigabit access capacity.
Relying on "Deep iNet", the city's public WLAN unified authentication and supervision platform was built to realize "one-time authentication, non-sensitive roaming and intelligent switching", and to support operators to incorporate self-built APs (wireless access points) into the authentication and supervision platform with the ability to provide public services. platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APs will be no less than 20,000 units.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical capacity network, construct a multi-level arithmetic supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and enhance the capacity of Internet application services.
The Plan specifies the collaborative construction of an IoT sensing system.
Explore the "open source Hongmeng" operating system as the basis, build the city perception terminal construction management mode, reduce the docking cost, accelerate the construction of city-level IOT perception platform, and promote the urban IOT platform, the network of specialized IOT platforms in various fields and data interconnection and interoperability.
Deepen the application of IOT perception in urban management, people's livelihood services, public safety, transportation and travel, and expand the channels for collecting fixed perception such as urban roads, buildings and public facilities and mobile perception such as intelligent networked vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity and gas IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be created.
The Plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and terrestrial communication applications, laying out low-altitude network infrastructure construction, and promoting the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, it promotes the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea, builds an ecosystem for industrial innovation and development, and supports the organization of top events and activities.
(CNN Finance)
China's e-commerce industry emerges "new variables", with goods how to do "content is king"?
-CNN
Feb. 11 (Xinhua): China's e-commerce industry emerges "new variables", with goods how to do "content is king"?
Xinhua Finance reporter Xia Bin
"We were kind of late to the e-commerce game, but from the very beginning we realized that content is important to stand out from the millions of other stores.
"90" girls from Guangdong Fangfang, now in the jittery e-commerce operation of a tonic ingredients store, so that an offline store with a history of more than 30 years online "bloom".
Mimicking the shadows of old Hong Kong movies and set to classic Cantonese songs, it's refreshing to open the @fangfangfoodshake account and see the beautifully crafted videos.
In the recently held "Looking for Peers - Quality Content Sharing Session", Fangfang, as a representative of quality creators, spoke on the occasion, introducing her daily creative experience and experience.
She said at the scene, "The well-polished video has gained the attention of many netizens, and so many people are interested in my family's ingredients and want to follow along to make food, and the sales channel opens up at once.
"
Fangfang rely on soup video to make more people love the "taste of Lao Guang", a live broadcast of up to 300,000 pieces of tonic ingredients sold, to save the family on the verge of closure of the old store.
"No content, no e-commerce", with the continuous development of short video and live e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are stepping into a new stage.
In the early stages of the development of live banding, the live room often attracts users with low price discounts, and the price advantage seems to have become the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenal Vs such as Liu Xiaohong and Oriental Selection, as well as a number of non-publicly known personalities and merchants that have emerged in vertical segments, who have been able to enhance their long-term operational effectiveness by consistently creating quality content that matches the tone of their brands.
Gao Yaxuan, head of star author operations for Jitterbug E-commerce, introduced that 6.27 million creators have cashed in on their content through Jitterbug E-commerce over the past year, with their content creation volume growing by 252% and total turnover more than doubling.
"Behind these numbers, we get a sense of a thriving, vital author ecosystem.
"I don't know," Goyasan said.
The Experimental Platform for Communication Innovation and Future Media of Beijing Normal University has released the report of E-Commerce Industry Content Eco-Health Index (ECHI), which analyzes the importance of high-quality content as a new variable in the e-commerce industry from the perspective of data, and evaluates the content ecological situation of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China by utilizing the index. The ECHI report analyzes the importance of quality content, the "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry, from the data dimension, and evaluates the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China.
According to the e-commerce industry's content ecological health index ranking in the above report, Jitterbug e-commerce, Shutterbug, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and Jingdong are in the top five.
The report argues that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce with content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce, and that good PGC (professionally produced content) and UGC (user-originated content) are the high-quality carriers of integration with e-commerce, and the higher the value of the content platforms, the richer the scenarios of consumption and promotion, and the higher the possibilities of e-commerce implantation. The stronger the commercial value, the higher the proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption distributed by this gradual integration of the public and private spheres.
On the scene, Yu Guoming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, analyzed and interpreted the Report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to "consumer quality" stage, and high-quality, professional and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry. The content of quality, specialization and differentiation is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the root and grip of the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as paid knowledge, specialized knowledge, and KOL (Key Opinion Leader) has begun to become standard in e-commerce live.
Looking ahead to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu put forward two suggestions.
One is from the perspective of content structure enhancement, to promote the overall enhancement of e-commerce content ecological health and quality, to create positive content creation and management standards, and to realize the e-commerce industry's content ecological health system index and dynamic equilibrium.
The other is from the external ecological point of view, to realize the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the external environment of value synergy and co-creation.
"In the future, the e-commerce industry also needs more support in terms of data and artificial intelligence to form a prediction of the stability of future development; in addition, it will provide merchants with a more standardized and healthy growth space, and realize the synergy of the value of the enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, so that we can create a healthy content ecosystem together.
"(END)
Financing and securities trading business on the NSE to start next week - CNN.com
(Reporter Sun Jie) last night, the North Stock Exchange issued a news release, approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Stock Exchange financing and securities trading business will be officially launched on February 13, when the North Stock Exchange has obtained the financing and securities trading rights of the securities companies can be entrusted to accept investors to the North Stock Exchange for the financing and securities trading declarations.
The list of the first 56 underlying stocks for financing and bonding was determined using January 31, 2023 as the base date for calculation.
The NSE said that the list of stocks underlying the financing and securities financing and the list of securities that can be offset against the margin will be published through the official website of the NSE in the "Information Disclosure - Financing and Securities Financing Information" section for the convenience of investors to inquire.
Financing and securities financing is an important basic system in the securities market and a more mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of the announcement of the establishment of the NSE, the NSE publicly solicited opinions on the financing and securities financing business.
The launch of financing and securities trading on the NSE is an important initiative to continuously promote the construction of the NSE market system, improve the trading mechanism and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The financing and securities financing system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting their diversified trading needs, promoting market price discovery and further enhancing market liquidity.
As a next step, under the leadership of China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), Beihai Stock Exchange will continue to do a good job in financing and securities financing business to ensure that the investor demand-oriented trading system to enrich the tools, improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange to serve innovative small and medium-sized enterprises.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech -ChinaNews.com
BEIJING, Feb. 11 (Xinhua) -- The 16th Sino-Japanese Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing on Feb. 11 in a combination of online and offline methods.
He Lifeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and head of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He pointed out that organizing this forum is an important initiative to implement the consensus of the Bangkok meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and to strengthen China-Japan cooperation on green development.
China will fully implement the spirit of the Twentieth National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC), accelerate the green transformation of the development mode, push forward in-depth prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily push forward carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, and synergistically push forward carbon reduction, pollution reduction, greening and growth, and push forward ecological prioritization, economy and intensification, and green and low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue to deepen green and low-carbon industrial cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogues and humanistic exchanges, and to promote green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Yasutoshi Nishimura, Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
Co-organized by China's National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and the Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM), together with Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) and the Japan-China Economic Association (JCEA), the forum includes the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, automotive electrification and intelligence, hydrogen energy, and China-Japan long-term trade.
Representatives from Chinese and Japanese governments, companies and organizations exchanged views.
Chinese rescue team continues rescue operation in Turkey, has rescued 4 trapped people -ChinaNews.com
February 11 (Xinhua) - According to the Ministry of Emergency Management website on the 11th news, February 10, is the Turkish search and rescue of the Chinese rescue team sent three action detachments, 45 rescue team members, rescued a trapped person.
Two search and assessment teams were also dispatched to assess and identify 15 buildings on Wardabash Street.
To date, four trapped persons have been rescued, five victims have been searched for, and 25 severely collapsed buildings have been assessed for signs of life and risk.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation of the disaster area and the rescue site, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work.
The rescue team obtained rescue and assistance information through various channels such as embassies, local governments and United Nations rescue organizations, and verified the information one by one through online inquiries and on-site searches.
Brief the Hong Kong, China, rescue team on the current rescue environment and building collapse, and conduct joint search operations.
At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team, while sending three team members to participate in the work of the Regional Rescue Coordination Centre No. 5, and communicating with a number of teams, including those of Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia and Oman, to learn about the work of the United Nations rescue organizations and the rescue work of the rescue teams of various countries.
Rescue team continued to strengthen the safety management and team security, in accordance with the "unified command, safety first" principle, to strengthen the rescue site safety control, strengthen the rescue work discipline requirements, clear safety precautions.
Continuous operation of the rotation readiness and sentry duty system to strengthen the security management of the camps.
Rescue team medical personnel to provide daily physical examination services for team members, to strengthen the key personnel medical protection, the current rescue team all healthy, to carry out the camp area elimination.
Since the establishment of the camp, logistics support team members have built a total of command and communication, equipment storage, medical decontamination, living accommodations and kennels and other 4 major categories of 26 field tents, to protect the site rescue equipment more than 30 sets.
Xinhua commentator: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project - Four on profound understanding of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on the study and implementation of the spirit of the 20th Party Congress - CNN.com
BEIJING, Feb. 11 (Xinhua) -- Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project -- four on a profound understanding of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th Party Congress.
Xinhua News Agency, a Beijing-based news agency
"Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires comprehensive consideration, systematic planning and overall advancement, and the correct handling of a series of major relationships between top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, correctness and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-improvement, and opening up to the outside world.
"At the opening ceremony of the seminar for newly admitted members and alternate members of the Central Committee and major leading cadres at the provincial ministerial level to study and implement Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era and the spirit of the 20th Party Congress, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization construction, and systematically elucidated a series of major relationships that need to be dealt with in practice in depth, which will provide a scientific methodology for our vigorously pushing forward the modernization of the Chinese-style This provides a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society and ecological civilization, and is related to all aspects of the governance of the Party, the State, the military, internal affairs, diplomacy and national defense, so it is necessary to do a good job of systematic planning, but also the courage to reform and innovation, and to continuously realize the overall advancement.
To carry out top-level design, it is necessary to gain a deep insight into the general trend of world development, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, and explore in depth the laws of economic and social development, so that the planning and policy system formulated reflects the times, grasps the regularities, and is rich in creativity, and achieves a combination of near and far, up and down, and harmonization of content.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are still many uncharted territories that need to be boldly explored in practice, and the undertaking should be promoted through reform and innovation, and should never be carved up or guarded.
Strategic issues are fundamental to a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to enhance the foresight of the strategy, to foresee the future and lead the future with a scientific strategy; to enhance the overall situation of the strategy, focusing on solving the major problems that have a bearing on the success or failure of the Party and the country's cause, and affecting the whole body in one hair; to enhance the stability of the strategy, and to adhere to the strategy for a long period of time, to grasp it to the end, and to achieve good results once the strategy has been formed.
We should scientifically grasp the dialectical and unified relationship between strategy and tactics, organically combine the principle of strategy and the flexibility of tactics, be flexible, adaptive and decisive, and seize the strategic initiative by adapting to local conditions, moving in response to the situation and acting in accordance with the situation.
The Chinese nation is a nation of righteousness and innovation.
In order to handle the relationship between keeping the right and innovation well, it is necessary not only to keep the origin, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, and unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, so as to ensure that Chinese-style modernization is in the right direction, but also to place innovation in a prominent position in the overall situation of the country's development, conform to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize and respond to changes, and vigorously promote reform and innovation, and constantly shape new dynamics and new advantages for development to fully stimulate the creative vitality of the whole society. We should promote reform and innovation, continuously shape new momentum and new advantages for development, and fully stimulate the creative energies of society as a whole.
Efficiency is an important foundation for fairness, and fairness is a strong guarantee of efficiency.
As we promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only create greater efficiency than capitalism, but also safeguard social equity more effectively, and better achieve a balance, promotion and unity between efficiency and equity.
To deal with the relationship between efficiency and fairness, to continuously realize that development is for the people, development relies on the people, and the fruits of development are shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization will benefit all the people in a greater and fairer way.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to deal with the relationship between vitality and order, so that society can be vibrant yet stable and orderly at the same time.
It is necessary to integrate the two major issues of development and security, implement the overall concept of national security, improve the national security system, enhance the capacity to safeguard national security, and firmly safeguard the security of State power, the security of the system, the security of ideology and the security of key areas.
While giving more consideration to security factors in development, enhancing the strength of national security through development, and applying the fruits of development to strengthen the foundation of national security, it is also adept at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously stimulating development vitality, and realizing the benign interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we should not only insist on following our own path, but also expand our global vision, insist on opening up to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must insist on independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, on placing the development of the country and the nation at the base of our own strength, and on keeping the destiny of our country's development and progress firmly in our own hands.
It is necessary to continuously expand high-level opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of two kinds of domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, and share the opportunities for development and create a better future in a mutually beneficial and win-win situation.
If you follow the path, you will be able to go far.
Under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core and the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, let us grasp the laws, act conscientiously and unrelentingly, give full play to our positivity, initiative and creativity, correctly handle a series of major relationships, and strive to be active on the new journey of comprehensively constructing a socialist modernized country, and constantly open up a new realm of Chinese-style modernization.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese) The Biden administration this Friday (Feb. 10) blacklisted six Chinese entities associated with a suspected spy balloon program.
The U.S. Department of Commerce said the five Chinese companies and a research institute help modernize China's military, particularly its aerospace programs, including blimps and aircraft.
Blacklisted companies have difficulty obtaining U.S. technology exports.
The list is known as the "entity list," and companies on it are unable to purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they receive a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Air & Space Technology Co., Ltd, China Electronics Technology Group Forty-eighth Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd, Eagle Gate Aeronautical Science & Technology Group Co., Ltd, Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aeronautical Science & Technology Co., Ltd and Shanxi Eagle Gate Aeronautical Science & Technology Group Co.
This comes after the White House said it was considering broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger surveillance activities that threaten U.S. national security.
The balloon incident triggered further tensions between the U.S. and China, and U.S. Secretary of State Abraham Blinken canceled his visit to China.
In response to the shooting down of the balloon by the United States on 4 February, the Chinese Government lodged solemn representations with the United States Embassy in Beijing, criticizing the United States for seriously impacting on and undermining the efforts and processes of both sides to stabilize China-United States relations.
From the available evidence of wreckage and information on the Chinese military's procurement platform, the United States Government concluded that the balloon's manufacturer had a "direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army" and was an approved supplier to the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a news conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and clarified its position on the accidental incident of a Chinese unmanned civilian blimp that mistakenly entered U.S. airspace due to force majeure.
According to the Foreign Ministry's website, she added that the relevant resolution in the U.S. Congress was pure political maneuvering and speculation.
China is strongly dissatisfied with and firmly opposes this.
Matthew Axelrod, Assistant Secretary for Export Enforcement at the U.S. Department of Commerce, said: "Today's action demonstrates a concerted effort to identify and stop China's use of spy balloons, which violate the airspace of the U.S. and more than 40 countries.
"
Reuters reported that an employee of Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aeronautical Science and Technology Co. said she was unaware of the sanctions and declined to comment further.
The Chinese Embassy in the U.S. and has not yet commented on this information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and be subject to criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle) Days after the earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria, hopes of finding survivors are fading, but searchers were overwhelmed by the rescue of a family of five on Saturday.
The family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days in the hard-hit town of Nourdai in Gaziantep province, the Associated Press reported.
Searchers first pulled the mother and daughter from a pile of rubble and then found the father, but he insisted that his son and another daughter be saved first.
When they were all rescued, the crowd erupted in cheers.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaraş, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in harsh and bitterly cold weather conditions.
"What day is it now?
"- The teenager who was trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the searchers who rescued him after he was brought back to the surface.
A Kahramanmarash man holds his newly rescued cat
Miraculously successful rescue cases have brought a ray of hope to an already hopeless search and rescue effort, but at the same time, the number of victims continues to rise.
Monday's quake has now killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, according to official statistics, with the death toll in neighboring Syria estimated at more than 3,500 people.
Although experts say people can survive for up to a week or more after being trapped in the rubble, hopes of finding more survivors have become increasingly remote.
Rescuers are still probing for signs of life beneath the rubble with the help of thermal imaging cameras.
At the same time, the focus of rescue efforts began to shift to helping survivors who were in dire need of help.
U.N. official: Disaster 'not seen in a century' in region
Martin Griffiths, the UN Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, told a press conference in Turkey that the quake was the region's "worst catastrophe in a century".
He also praised Turkey's post-disaster response as "extraordinary".
He also told Reuters that he hoped relief would be delivered to areas controlled by both the Syrian government and the opposition, but also said the matter was "unclear".
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief contributions to the earthquake-affected population in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations had announced $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The most destructive earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Great Chilean Earthquake (1960)
On May 22, 1960, at 3:11 p.m. local time, the largest earthquake ever observed and recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a seismic moment magnitude of 9.5
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to rubble.
A huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, creating a massive wave height of 25 meters.
The tsunami reached as far away as Japan and the Philippines.
The number of victims and the economic damage caused by a disaster of this magnitude cannot be known with precision.
The most destructive earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Great Alaskan Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday and was also Good Friday.
On this day the largest earthquake in the history of North America occurred in Alaska, USA, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake remained the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
The earthquake occurred when a fault between the Pacific and North American plates broke in Prince William Sound near College Gap.
The quake lasted between three and five minutes in most areas.
Displacement of the seabed triggered a huge tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Since it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake ended up killing 139 people.
Nine of them died as a direct result of the earthquake, while 130 others died as a result of the tsunami triggered by the earthquake.
The most destructive earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two powerful earthquakes of magnitude 7 or higher occurred within 16 hours in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China.
The epicenter was 23 kilometers above the ground.
Transportation, communication, water supply and power supply were interrupted in the city of Tangshan, which was razed to the ground in an instant.
Strong tremors were also felt 140 kilometers away in the capital, Beijing.
According to official statistics, the earthquake killed 242,769 people and seriously injured 164,851 in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second deadliest earthquake on record in China to date, after the 1556 Jiajing earthquake.
But some overseas scientists estimate that the quake could have killed at least 650,000 people.
The most destructive earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake struck 160 kilometers off the west coast of Aceh province on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia, at a depth of 30 kilometers, with a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with wave heights of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the worst hit areas including Aceh province in Indonesia, the resort areas of Ho Chi Minh and Phuket in Thailand, Sri Lanka and the Indian state of Tamil.
It was during the peak tourist season of Christmas, and the affected area was crowded with travelers and local residents, causing many travelers enjoying their vacation on the beach and locals working on the beach to be swept under the sea by the tsunami, making many people missing from this earthquake.
The number of dead and missing is estimated to be at least 300,000 people.
The most destructive earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a massive earthquake struck the Wenchuan region of China's Sichuan Province.
According to the China Earthquake Administration, the quake had a magnitude of 8.2 on the surface wave scale and 8.3 on the moment scale, damaging an area of more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, a total of 69,227 people had been killed, 17,923 were missing, 374,643 were injured to varying degrees, 199,300 people had lost their homes, and the total number of people affected by the earthquake was 46,256,000 people.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the deadliest since the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, China's State Council announced that May 12 of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day, to strengthen education for the public and focus on disaster prevention and mitigation efforts.
Since then, many governments and primary and secondary schools in China have held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to emphasize the popularization of "earthquake prevention and mitigation" education.
The most destructive earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Haiti earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale struck the Caribbean island nation of Haiti.
The epicenter of the earthquake was located 25 kilometers south-southwest of Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, and the epicenter was about 13 kilometers from the surface.
The International Red Cross estimates that the population affected by the earthquake is approximately 3 million.
The Haitian government has announced a confirmed death toll of more than 200,000 people.
In some areas within Haiti, as many as 90 percent of the homes were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite massive assistance and support from the international community, the impoverished country, overpopulated and riddled with corruption, never recovered from the disaster.
The most destructive earthquake to hit the world in 60 years
Tohoku Earthquake in Japan (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large inversion zone earthquake with a moment magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the Tohoku region of Japan.
The epicenter of the earthquake was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture, and the depth of the quake was measured at 24 kilometers, triggering a huge tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
The quake was the first earthquake with a magnitude of more than 9 in Japan's recorded history.
About 22,000 people lost their lives in the disaster and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered a leak due to the earthquake and tsunami.
The accident was categorized as the most serious level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
As a result of the Fukushima nuclear accident, trace amounts of radioactive substances, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years), have been measured all over the world.
A large number of radioisotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the United Nations, at least 870,000 people are currently in urgent need of food in the affected areas of Turkey and Syria.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people have lost their homes to earthquakes.
The World Food Program (WFP) has appealed for $77 million to feed victims displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
Temperatures in the affected areas are currently below zero, and many victims are without shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still struggling to reach many people in desperate need.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake added to the suffering of the population.
In the four days since the earthquake, the World Food Program has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
For its part, the World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma care and emergency surgery.
(AP, Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright: All contents of this article are protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and be subject to criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Notice: SZPD urges citizens to beware of fraudulent SMS from fake telecommunication companies
Recently, the SFPD has received a number of cases of telecommunication fraud in which criminals, posing as local telecommunication companies, send fraudulent SMS with links to websites to lure customers to log in to fraudulent websites for redemption under the bait that they must redeem their bonus points as soon as possible after their points expire.
The victim entered his credit card information and verification code as instructed, and then received a notification from the financial institution that there were unidentified purchase records on his credit card and that he suspected that his credit card information had been stolen through the above website.
Upon checking, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company had not sent the said SMS.
The SFPD urges members of the public to be vigilant if they receive similar SMS messages on their cell phones, and not to log in to the website link contained in the message or provide any personal information; if they are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, transaction verification codes, they should be doubly cautious in order to prevent credit card theft.
Fraud Prevention Tip:
1. Pay more attention to information on network security and raise your awareness of personal precautions;
2. Do not log on to websites of unknown origin and register your personal and credit card information on such websites to prevent unauthorized use;
3. Be wary of fake and phishing websites, and always look out for website URLs that match the official website exactly;
4. Install anti-virus software for your cell phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly;
5. If you suspect that you have encountered fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the fraud prevention inquiry hotline of the Police Department at 8800 7777 or the crime reporting hotline at 993 for assistance.
NEWS GOV-MO: Hong Kong delegation visits Macau's tourist attractions and facilities Attracting Hong Kong tourists and expanding "joint tours" between Hong Kong and Macau
MGTO organized a large-scale Hong Kong delegation comprising over 100 members from the tourism sector, travel trade and media representatives of the Hong Kong Government to Macau. In addition to working meetings and trade negotiations, the Hong Kong travel trade and media representatives visited a number of tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macau in batches during the two-day (10th and 11th) programme, so as to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market and promote the cultural and tourism linkage between the two places at the same time. At the same time, it will also promote the cultural and tourism linkage between the two places, and jointly develop the market of "joint tours" between Hong Kong and Macau.
Introducing new ways to play Macau's tourism with a personal visit
This large-scale delegation of 100 Hong Kong people, including the heads of tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong Government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transportation operators in Hong Kong and Macao, as well as about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives from travel social media, online media, and bloggers/web celebrities, etc., came to Macao for exchange and inspection, to learn about Macao's latest tourism resources, and for Hong Kong's travel trade and media to bring Macao tourism's new ways of play to Hong Kong residents and visitors. The Hong Kong trade and media brought new ways of Macau tourism to Hong Kong residents and tourists visiting Hong Kong, taking advantage of Hong Kong's transportation hub to expand the market of Hong Kong-Macau "joint tours".
Two days of intensive travel to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The delegation visited the World Heritage "Historic Center of Macau", experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, the "Time Warp‧Samba" - Ruins of St. Paul's Immersive Digital Experience Exhibition at Ruins of St. Paul's, Macau Pavilion, Taipa Old Town, as well as a number of major resort hotels and facilities, including the Grand Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, MGM MACAU, Mopos, The Londoner Macao, Galaxy Macao, Artelli Multi-Dimensional Art Space at City of Dreams, and teamLab Paranormal Space at The Venetian Macao, amongst many others.
Through visiting Macau's tourism facilities and experiencing Macau's "Tourism +" elements, members of the delegation shared with Hong Kong residents Macau's tourism resources and travel experiences, and integrated Macau's latest tourism products for promotion and sale to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong tourists and expanding "joint tours" between Hong Kong and Macao
Taking advantage of the resumption of customs clearance, MGTO has launched promotional campaigns and concessions for the Hong Kong market, including the introduction of round-trip ticket concessions for transportation to and from Hong Kong and Macao, as well as new promotional videos and advertisements on online and offline platforms.
Following the invitation of Hong Kong travel trade leaders to visit Macau last month and the experience of Hong Kong netizens in Macau's "Tourism +", this time, we organized another visit for Hong Kong's travel trade and media representatives, with a view to stepping up marketing efforts and attracting Hong Kong tourists to stay and spend money in Macau, as well as negotiating with the trade of the two places on the joint efforts in developing the market of "joint tours" between Hong Kong and Macau. The two sides also discussed to jointly develop the "joint tour" market in Hong Kong and Macao, and jointly explore the Mainland and overseas markets, so as to promote the recovery of tourism in the two places.
Xi Jinping's letter encourages members of China's medical team to benefit local people with benevolence and benevolence, and to tell China's story with practical actions - Scroll News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng Online
Xi Jinping writes back to encourage members of China's medical team in China-Africa to benefit local people with their kind hearts and skills, and to tell China's story with practical actions.
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source:Xinhua] [Editor:Li Shufeng] Font:[Large Medium Small]
BEIJING, Feb. 10 (Xinhua) -- Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC), president of the People's Republic of China (PRC) and chairman of the Central Military Commission (CMC), replied to a letter to the members of the 19th batch of China's medical team assisting the Central African Republic (CAR) on Feb. 9, sending greetings to them as well as the general number of foreign-aided medical team members and putting forward their earnest expectations.
In his reply, Xi said that you have overcome difficulties in your work and life in Central Africa and served the local people with all your heart, not only as ambassadors in white clothes who save lives and help the injured, but also as ambassadors of friendship who pass on friendship.
As this year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China's medical aid teams to foreign countries, I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are carrying out and have carried out medical aid missions abroad.
Xi pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and value life, and foreign medical assistance is a vivid manifestation of this.
I hope that you will not forget your original intention and bear in mind your mission, vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team, which is not afraid of hardship, is willing to dedicate itself to saving lives and helping the wounded, and is boundless in love; benefit the local people with kindness and benevolence, tell the story of China with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the building of a community of health for mankind.
Medical assistance to foreign countries is an important part of our foreign aid work.
In 1963, we sent the first foreign medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, it has dispatched a total of 30,000 medical personnel to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, treating 290 million patients, and has won wide acclaim from the international community.
Currently, the medical aid teams are working in 115 medical sites in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical team to China-Africa wrote a letter to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on their study and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and provision of medical services to the local people, and expressing their determination to contribute to the promotion of building a community of health for mankind.
New members, alternate members of the Central Committee and provincial-level leading cadres to learn and implement Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era and the spirit of the 20th Party Congress concluded the seminar - Scroll News - Hunan Daily News - Huasheng Online
Newly admitted members and alternate members of the Central Committee and major leading cadres at the provincial ministerial level completed a seminar on studying and implementing Xi Jinping's thought on socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era and the spirit of the 20th Party Congress.
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source:Xinhua] [Editor:Li Shufeng] Font:[Large Medium Small]
BEIJING, Feb. 10 (Xinhua) -- Newly admitted members, alternate members of the Central Committee and major leading cadres at the provincial ministerial level studied and implemented Xi Jinping's Thought of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the Party's 20th National Congress in the afternoon of the 10th at the Central Party School (the National School of Administration) to conclude, the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee Secretariat Secretary Cai Qi attended the closing ceremony and made a concluding speech.
He said that we should study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the "two establishments", resolutely achieve the "two maintenance", strengthen the skills and work hard, and solidly push forward the various aspects of Chinese modernization, and create performance that can withstand the test of history, practice and people in the comprehensive construction of a socialist modernization country and the overall promotion of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. In the comprehensive construction of a modernized socialist country and the comprehensive promotion of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, we will create performance that can stand the test of history, practice and the people.
During the seminar, all the participants, guided by Xi Jinping's Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, earnestly studied the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, and conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges in connection with the actual situation, which deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, and increased their confidence and determination to comprehensively push forward the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation under the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee, with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core. It has strengthened the confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, and enhanced the sense of responsibility and mission to perform their duties, do a good job, and ensure a good start of the new journey in the new era.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar made speeches and reported and exchanged their learning gains.
Cai Qi said that the study and implementation of Xi Jinping's thought of socialism with Chinese characteristics for a new era and the spirit of the 20th Party Congress is not only the primary political task of the current and future period, but also a long-term strategic task, in accordance with the requirements of "comprehensive study, comprehensive grasp, comprehensive implementation", to promote the study and implementation of work constantly deeper and deeper, to the real, and to the heart. We should follow the requirement of "comprehensive study, comprehensive grasp, and comprehensive implementation" to promote the study and implementation work to go deeper and deeper, to go more practical, and to go to the heart.
To more deeply understand the decisive significance of the "two establishments", resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, safeguard the authority and centralized unity of the leadership of the CPC Central Committee, and constantly improve the political judgment, political comprehension, political implementation, and always in the ideological and political action with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core of the CPC Central Committee to maintain a high degree of consistency.
We should strive to master the Marxist theory, consciously use the Party's innovative theories to arm our minds, guide our practice, and promote our work, and work hard on deep learning, fine understanding, and sincere behavior, so that we can really learn to have firm faith, absolute loyalty, and mission bearing.
We should implement the decisions and deployments of the Party's 20th National Congress in a vigorous and enterprising spirit, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work hard, get down to work as a good "construction team leader", and turn the blueprint into reality one step at a time.
Keeping in mind that comprehensively governing the Party strictly is always on the way and the Party's self-revolution is always on the way, we should tighten and solidify the political responsibility for comprehensively governing the Party strictly, take the political construction of the Party as the overall leader, and deeply push forward the Party's construction of the new era of a new great project.
To enhance the ability to promote high-quality development, to serve the masses, to prevent and resolve risks, the wind of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, Wang Xiaohong attended the closing ceremony, Chen Xi presided over the closing ceremony.
Google's AI chatbot "answered the wrong question" and its parent company's shares vaporized by $100 billion.
(Consolidated 11)
Google's new artificial intelligence chatbot, Bard, has failed to answer the wrong question in a promotional video, causing Google's parent company Alphabet's share price to plummet 8.9 percent on Wednesday, falling below the US$100 mark and evaporating US$110 billion (about RM476.5 billion) in market value. As of Friday's market close, it stood at US$94.57.
The market is concerned that Alphabet is not as good as rival Microsoft.
According to Reuters, google earlier released a promotional video on social media for its AI chatbot Bard, in which Bard is asked, "What new discoveries can I tell my 9-year-old about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?
"In his reply, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first pictures of extrasolar planets.
However, according to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States of America, the first photograph of an extrasolar planet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.
Reuters even headlined "Alphabet shares tumble after Bard's wrong answer".
On the other hand, Google noted that Bard's response "underscores the importance of a rigorous testing process," and that it will combine external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's response "meets high standards of quality, security, and truthfulness of information. ".
Singapore's Tourism Industry Recovers Strongly Inbound Arrivals Increase 19-Fold from 2021
(Consolidated 11) The Singapore Tourism Board (STB) recently announced that it expects international tourist arrivals to Singapore to reach 12 million to 14 million in 2023, which will bring in about S$18 billion to S$21 billion in tourism receipts; tourist arrivals and tourism receipts will recover to about 67% to 75% of the pre-Singaporean Crown Epidemic level of 2019; and there is a high likelihood that tourism will achieve a full recovery in 2024.
Gradual re-launch and recovery of the Singapore tourism market in 2022.
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) show that visitor arrivals in 2022 have increased 19-fold to 6.3 million from 330,600 in 2021, surpassing the STB's earlier estimate of 4 to 6 million, with tourists having recovered to 33 percent of their pre-epidemic levels.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled S$8.96 billion, and is expected to reach S$13.8 billion to S$14.3 billion for the full year of 2022, a six- to seven-fold increase from S$1.89 billion in 2021, and has already recovered to about 50% to 52% of its pre-Singaporean Crown outbreak levels in 2019.
The Singapore government is taking a number of measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced the allocation of nearly S$500 million to stimulate tourism recovery.
The Tourism Board has announced that it will plan to allocate S$110 million from this budget over the next two years to launch more business and leisure activities to attract tourists back.
In an effort to make health and wellness one of Singapore's tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board released a call for expressions of interest on November 23, 2022 to develop a health and wellness attraction on Singapore's southern coast.
Ong Ling Li, Executive Director of Sports and Recreation Tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists are putting physical fitness at the top of their list of considerations.
The development of a health and wellness attraction in Marina South, which has the Gardens by the Bay and the Marina Barrage, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism industry and economy, allowing tourists to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore's tourism product in the next few years, said Tan Kian Leng, Director General of the Singapore Tourism Board (STB).
The new crown epidemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, the MGTO has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists over the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) organized the inaugural Health and Wellness Festival, which offered more than 130 various health activities and experiences to the public.
Singapore will continue to offer new travel experiences for visitors.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, Avatar World at Marina Bay Gardens, Sentosa Central Beach Bazaar, the new Explore New Frontiers gallery at the ArtScience Museum and the new amphitheater at the Night Safari, MGTO will support the development and revitalization of projects such as the Bird of Prey Park at Maneka Wildlife World to make Singapore an attractive international destination. as an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will develop industry standards for the sustainable development of the Meetings, Incentives, Conventions and Exhibitions (MICE) tourism industry in 2023, and focus on improving two major areas, namely waste disposal and carbon emissions, to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the airline industry.
Data shows that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with the airport already receiving as many as 150,000 passengers per day and about 1 million per week, equivalent to about 75% of the pre-New Guan epidemic level, and the number of airline employees on board has returned to about 90% of the pre-epidemic level.
Data shows that Singapore has received 23.6 million travelers from January to October 2022, equivalent to 42% of the pre-Singaporean Crown epidemic level, and 170,000 flights landed and taken off, 53% of the pre-epidemic level.
The rapid recovery of tourism has also driven the pace of recovery in the accommodation, transportation, food and beverage and shopping sectors.
The Singapore government and tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Singapore Tourism Board (STB) Assistant Director for International Division, Ko Sook Tan, said a survey conducted by a Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore is ranked among the top three in the world in terms of safety index, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is popular among Chinese tourists.
Prior to the New Crown outbreak, about 3.6 million people from China traveled to Singapore annually for vacations.
Chinese tourist arrivals are expected to recover this year to 30% to 60% of their 2019 levels as China relaxes its border policies.
Ke Shudan pointed out that the MGTO will then pay close attention to further signals released by China's outbound travel policy in response to the changing needs of tourists.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) will be actively preparing to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends emerging in outbound travel from China.
Looking ahead to 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board (STB) is confident that the tourism industry will recover at a faster-than-expected pace, as long as the global economy does not experience a significant recession that affects public revenues and there are no new outbreaks of large-scale fatal epidemics, among other things.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interacted closely and his wife was left out.
(Composite 11) The DPRK held a military parade on the evening of the 8th, the 75th anniversary of the founding of the army, and leader Kim Jong-un's daughter, Kim Jong-ae, not only attended, but also stood on the podium with her father.
North Korea's official media released a video on the 9th, Kim Jung-ae snuggled up next to her father, several times warm eyes, whispering, she gently cupped her dad's cheeks with both hands, and even touched her father's chest, the father-daughter interaction screen broadcast to the whole country.
However, First Lady Lee Seol-ju could only step aside.
Comprehensive South Korea's "Chosun News" and other reports, Kim Jong-un, Lee Seol-ju and his wife attended a dinner with their daughter Kim Jong-ae in the official photo, Kim Jong-ae is not only rare to sit in the middle of the parents in the C seat, in the evening of the next day the 75th anniversary of the Military Day military parade ceremony, she and Kim Jong-un on the podium together.
North Korea's official media, the Korean Central Television, later released a movie of the parade, exposing more images of father-daughter bonding.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times from the podium, the smiles on their faces never faded, and they whispered in each other's ears, with Kim's main love at one point cupping both of her dad's cheeks with both hands, to which Kim Jong-un responded with a big smile.
Other official media footage also showed Kim Jong-ae continuously touching her father's face with her hand while sitting on a sofa chair indoors with Kim Jong-un, and touching her hand on Kim Jong-un's chest while walking arm-in-arm with him.
And First Lady Lee Seol-ju could only walk behind or sit on the sidelines the whole time, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that the main love of Kim since last year's test-firing Mars 17 missile on November 18 for the first time in the public face, three months since the exposure rate is getting higher and higher, so far it is the fifth degree of official occasions.
The official media of the DPRK mentioned Kim Jong-ae with extremely high honorifics such as "dearest son" and "honored son", and also broadcast a clip of Kim Jong-ae repeatedly shouting that she would swear to uphold the Paektu lineage as she watched the parade marching from the stands.
These signs make outsiders wonder whether Kim Jong-ae has been designated as the successor of the Kim regime, and the Washington Post analyzed that "this is a signal that Kim Jong-un has put his middle-school-aged daughter in the position of successor", but there are also views that such a judgment is still too early, and in the case that Kim Jong-un has a son at his knee, it is still possible that he has a son at his side. Possibilities.
Chongyang Q & A ︱ how to see the U.S. non-farm payrolls data in January greatly exceeded expectations and future trends - Economic Observer - Professional financial news website
Q: May I ask Chongyang Investment, how do you think the U.S. January nonfarm payrolls data greatly exceeded expectations and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor released January 2023 nonfarm payrolls data, adding 517,000 nonfarm payrolls, sharply higher than the market expectation of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the lowest in nearly 50 years; hourly wages grew at a rate of 4.4% year-on-year, and at a slightly slower rate of 0.3% year-on-year.
From an aggregate perspective, this data has many one-time and technical factors of disturbance, such as the strike return of faculty and staff, the survey statistical caliber of the revision, the quarterly adjustment factor update, the follow-up may be revised (refer to the January 2022 new nonfarm payrolls from 504,000 downward revision to 364,000), nonfarm payrolls or not as strong as the data reflected.
Structurally, the impact of layoffs in high-tech firms is still present but accounts for a relatively low percentage; new employment in high-touch service industries such as leisure and hospitality, education and health care has picked up sharply, and the data suggests that a labor gap in the service sector still exists.
Combined with the rebound in services PMI, job openings and labor gap data, which also greatly exceeded expectations, and the strength in consumer credit data, we judge that the U.S. services sector is in for a quick fix after the extreme weather and holiday season.
In our view, it will be difficult to improve the supply-demand tension in the U.S. job market without going through a recession.
There is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the U.S. labor market, and the labor force participation rate has been slow to move upward, especially for 25-54 year olds, who are already near their pre-epidemic highs.
On top of that, the strength of consumer demand will contribute to a further lag in the impact of austerity on the job market, thanks to the excess savings of US residents and the strength of consumer credit.
Continued tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be the undercurrent of the U.S. economy in 2023.
Overlaying this with recurring inflation expectations as we now approach the end of the rate hike, we are not optimistic about a sustained decline in payroll growth.
Prior to the release of this data, the U.S. stock, bond and currency markets were overly optimistic in their expectations for the Fed's path of interest rate hikes.
As inflation data continue to improve, the Fed in shortening the pace of interest rate hikes at the same time also continue to maintain the fragile balance of market inflation expectations, but the market is blind to the Fed's hawkish statement, not only expected to stop hiking early, but also expected to end the year two rate cuts.
With labor market supply and demand tight and the impact of austerity unclear, we believe that the Fed's year-end guidance for rate hikes is relatively reasonable, and that the adjustment of extreme market expectations and trading congestion may hurt the market somewhat.
Nevertheless, the stubbornness of the payroll growth rate is difficult to change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation, with the M2 data turned negative year-on-year as well as the gradual turnaround of the leading indicators of the various CPI sub-items, the U.S. CPI data since October has turned to a rapid decline in the stage of the payroll growth rate of the stubborn will only be the formation of the bottom of the future inflation data, the current market expectations are difficult to falsify the market in the next phase of the publication of the inflation data or enter a new round of games. A new round of games.
Sugo founder Zheng Yonggang passed away due to a sudden heart attack, once led the transformation of China's first apparel stock - 经济观察网 - 专业财经新闻网站
Economic Observation Network Reporter Ms. Ann Cheng On February 11, the WeChat public number certified as Sugo Holdings Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Sugo Holdings") published an obituary, saying that Mr. Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Sugo Enterprises and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Sugo Holdings, passed away on February 10, 2023, aged 65, due to the failure of medical treatment for his sudden cardiac disease.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the director of the state-run cotton spinning factory. With the transfer, in 1989, Zheng Yonggang became the director of Ningbo Yungang Clothing General Factory, the predecessor of Sugo Corporation.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of China's Business Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Future Stars of China's Enterprises, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that the market share of the Sugo brand had been as high as 37 % in the 1990s in China's suit market.
In 1996, Sugo Corporation (600884.SH) was listed on the stock market, becoming the first listed company in China's garment industry.
Just when the clothing business was in full swing, Sugo Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that, " Once the market liberalization, Chinese brands will naturally form a echelon brand market, Sugo suit want to have been the sole leader, the possibility of long-term national clothing to become a countryman is unlikely to be ".
In 1999, fir began to study the transformation of enterprises, Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "we came to Shanghai, seeking in the end transformation to do what, specifically looking for a lot of experts and scholars, continuously open some of the Zhu Geliang meeting, retreat seminars.
Finally, we set two broad strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is big health with a future ".
After the strategic direction was determined, Sugo started to look for cooperation. At that time, the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute, which was supporting Anshan Iron & Steel, was working on the national 863 project, and the scientific research fund was not enough, so Sugo and the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute signed a cooperation agreement to promote the industrialization of the project of "intermediate-phase carbon microspheres" of the national 863 project, and engage in the R&D, production and sales of negative electrode materials to realize the commercial promotion of negative electrode materials in China. We are engaged in the R&D, production and sales of negative electrode materials, and realize the commercial promotion of negative electrode materials in China.
In 2001, Sugo realized the large-scale production of intermediate-phase carbon microspheres and started the localization substitution, replacing Japan as the main supplier of intermediate-phase carbon microspheres in China.
This is the first lithium-ion battery anode material manufacturer in China, realizing the localization of lithium-ion battery anode materials.
With the rapid popularization of the application of lithium batteries, Sugo's lithium battery business began to develop gradually, and in 2007, lithium materials business was written into the main business of Sugo, and the revenue share of the garment business was reduced year by year, until 2013, Sugo's lithium materials business revenue exceeded the garment business in all aspects.
In February 2021, Sugo successfully acquired the polarizer business of LG Chem to enter the LCD polarizer market and set up the polarizer enterprise Sugo Gold Optoelectronics. The technology content in this field is relatively high, and Sugo's main competitors are the world's top 500 companies, such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical and Nitto Denko.
Zheng Yonggang once shared the post-investment management experience, " China's private enterprises to acquire some international high-tech enterprises, the probability of success is relatively low, why those acquisitions will fail?
Because everyone will go to consider, I spent so much money, I have to go to send someone to manage it, right, this is usually do a behavior ", however, Zheng Yonggang is different, fir acquisition of the successful day, Zheng Yonggang to the fir gold photoelectricity announced in public, fir as the fir gold's major shareholders, the decision to implement the one-enterprise, two systems, in addition to Zheng Yonggang as chairman of the board of directors, fir enterprises are not sent to the fir gold, the people. Take the authorization to operate, the original distribution system, corporate culture, all management and other modes remain unchanged.
According to the data of negative electrode in 2022 released by ICC, the shipment of cedar negative electrode in 2022 exceeded 200,000 tons, with a year-on-year increase of 100 %, and the market share reached 16 %, and the shipment of man-made graphite negative electrode material topped the list for several years.
In the polarizer business, Yano Research statistics show that the company's Sugin Optoelectronics will reach 29% of the global market share in 2022, and the market share is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Sugo's revenue was 15.841 billion yuan, net profit was 2.313 billion yuan, and on February 10, Sugo's share price was 19.24 yuan per share, with a total market capitalization of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Sugo said on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's effective graphitization capacity was about 100,000 tons, and the graphitization capacity of the Meishan project was still climbing.
Vantage shows that at present, Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Sugo shares.
SkyEye shows that Zheng Yonggang's total equity stake in Sugo Holdings Ltd. is 40.1 %.
The general manager of Sugo Corporation is Li Zhihua, born in 1968, who has served as the chairman of Dongguan Sugo Battery Material Co.
Sugo shares on February 10 in the investor interactive platform said that the Company's senior management personnel and the Company's actual controller does not have a kinship relationship.
"Fund E account" is coming: the SFC authorized the development of all funds under the name of the investor to achieve the collection and query - Economic Observer - A professional financial news website
Economic Observer Reporter Chen Shan Fund purchase channels are complicated, resulting in account information is not easy to collect?
Always forgetting the "petty cash"?
These problems of the Kiwis are about to be solved.
On February 10, the SFC announced that the "Fund E Account" APP had been put on the shelves of various cell phone application stores and launched a public trial run.
According to the introduction, "Fund E Account" provides individual investors with "one-stop" inquiry service for public fund account and share information, aiming at solving the pain points of the industry such as forgotten account and cumbersome inquiry for the majority of small and medium-sized investors.
According to Wind data, as of the end of 2022, there were 156 public fund managers in the country, managing a fund size of about 26 trillion yuan; 167 public fund share registrars and 411 public fund sales organizations.
The account systems of the share registrars are independent of each other and lack an industry-standardized access channel.
An industry source said that there were more than 720 million fund investors in China at the end of 2021, which means that half of the country has invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check their purchases through different sales organizations, but through the "Fund E Account", they can check their purchases through all sales channels and see at a glance the status of their fund holdings.
What is the "Fund E Account" App?
According to the relevant documents, "Fund E Account" APP is a public fund industry portal mobile application developed and constructed by China Clearing and approved by China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC), which can provide investors with one-stop query on OTC shareholding of public fund products in the whole market.
Through the "Fund E Account", investors can conveniently and quickly grasp the status of their holdings of over-the-counter shares of public fund products under various fund managers purchased through various sales channels in the market, which comprehensively enhances the efficiency of inquiry.
Specifically, the information that investors can inquire through "Fund E Account" includes: information on fund accounts opened with public fund managers in the entire market, information on trading accounts opened with public fund sales organizations, and information on OTC share holdings of products including publicly offered securities investment funds and pooled asset management plans set up and managed by securities firms with no limit of 200 investors. OTC share holdings in products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and pooled asset management plans managed by securities companies with no limit on the number of investors.
Liu Yichian, business leader of Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation and Research Center, told Economic Observer that investors can know all their OTC public fund holdings in one-stop through the "Fund E Account" App, which helps them find the "forgotten assets". What's more, it realizes the whole account information collection of comprehensive fund investment for customers, which helps customers grasp their own investment situation in a more timely, accurate and complete manner, so as to better optimize their own fund portfolio allocation and better plan their own financial arrangements.
How do I register to use it?
The reporter noted that at present, "fund E account" APP has been in Huawei, Apple, millet, OPPO, vivo and other cell phone application store shelves, but APP is still in the public trial stage, registration need to fill out the invitation code, investors can contact the fund managers of the funds held to obtain.
A medium and large public fund customer service personnel in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to the Economic Observer reporter and told the reporter, "APP trial stage, China Settlement provides each fund manager a certain number of invitation codes, investors call over to get, we will provide.
When the trial run is over, you won't need an invitation code for open user registration.
"
The reporter according to the official website of the Securities and Futures Commission publicized the "Fund E account" download and use instructions related documents for account registration and complete the query, the whole process takes only a few minutes, mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, public fund-raising funds query.
Through the real-name authentication of this step, click on the "assets" fund binding button, the reporter through the various fund sales platform to buy all the fund products are presented in the list of binding options (can be bound to the account), after completing the binding can be visualized to see the total assets of the invested funds and can begin to use the query function.
It is worth noting that the "Fund E Account" only provides investors with inquiry services and cannot be used for redemption and purchase.
The date of the data displayed in the "Fund E Account" is generally three trading days in advance of the date of the user's inquiry (T-Day).
For example, if you open the "Fund E Account" on February 10th, the total assets, fund shares, and fund NAV shown on the Assets page correspond to February 7th, three trading days prior to that date.
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: The above text is an original work of The Economic Observer, all rights reserved by The Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer, it is strictly prohibited to reproduce or mirror, or will be investigated in accordance with the law the legal responsibility of the relevant actors.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
U.S., Japan, and Philippines agree on defense against Communist China.
ASIA - On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos, Jr. visited Japan for talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the Chinese Communist Party's (CCP) encroachment in the South and East China Seas, and the Philippine-Japanese leaders issued a joint statement after the meeting saying they would oppose the CCP's hegemonic policy by signing a trilateral defense agreement with the United States for substantive defense exchanges.
According to the Japanese media, Fumio Kishida hopes to use the meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish a policy for the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcos Jr. visited China earlier this year in January and secured agreements worth $20 billion.
But after that, China-Philippines relations not only didn't improve, but slipped instead.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to U.S. forces to secure the South China Sea.
One of the newly added bases is 300 kilometers from Taiwan and the closest location to China.
In the event of a crisis in Taiwan, U.S. forces could launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that now Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines have formed an axis with the United States to build a "counter-communist arc" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
KMT Vice Chairman Xia Liyan's visit to China conveys Song Tao's message: green camps are welcome to visit China under the 1992 Consensus.
Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang (KMT), Mr. Li-Yen Hsia, met with Mr. Song Tao, Director of the State Council of Taiwan Affairs and Mr. Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
In an interview with Taiwan's Central News Agency (CNA) last night, Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor to the KMT's official organization, positively commented on Song Tao's comment to Xia Liyan that China welcomes green campers to visit the mainland as long as they agree with the "1992 Consensus" and oppose Taiwan independence.
The KMT side evaluated it as something new.
There was no mention of the claim in the news on the day Xia met Song Tao earlier.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) has clarified for days that it rejects the "1992 Consensus".
According to the Central News Agency (CNA) today, Vice Chairman of the Kuomintang (KMT), Mr. Hsia Liyan, led a delegation on a visit to China, and during his stay in Beijing, he met separately with Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC), and Song Tao, the new Director of the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office (STAO), along with Beijing Municipal Party Secretary Yin Li.
Xia Liyan and Song Tao talked about the political foundation of the Communist Party of China (CPC) being the "1992 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence, while Zhao Chunshan, a senior advisor to the KMT's National Politics Foundation, said during the meeting that the KMT's "1992 Consensus" is the original "1992 Consensus". The KMT's "1992 Consensus" is the original "1992 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this was a different feeling from the previous meetings he had participated in.
In recent video talks with mainland academics, as well as in this one, we did not hear any Taiwan-related scholars talk about armed reunification and the "anti-secession law", but instead about the resumption of exchanges and dialogues.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the two sides of the Taiwan Strait are in danger of war, and the Chinese mainland hopes to be able to convey the intention of improving relations through the KMT.
Because there is no mutual trust between the People's Republic of China and the Communist Party, the other side is still willing to do a good job with the Taiwanese, which means that they do not want cross-strait relations to go bad.
According to Zhao Chunshan also said, Wang Huning also personally instructed to Song Tao said "they (Taiwan farmers and fishermen) put forward the request, you must implement", if it is not possible to solve the overall problem, but also to take a case-by-case approach.
The report did not mention whether the KMT member's visit to the mainland mentioned to his face the daily disturbance of Taiwan by Chinese military planes and ships, the agricultural and fishery issues in a few counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether the interview with the Central News Agency (CNA) reporter asked questions about such issues.
French trade unions mobilize again in march against government's retirement reform proposal
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions again launched a national mobilization against the government's draft pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action of this social wave against the government's draft pension system reform.
And how many people respond to the rally call could affect the union group's next course of action.
This is the fourth time in a month that France's eight largest trade union groups have come together to launch a national mobilization, and the first time this protest has scheduled a rally for a Saturday.
Given that for most French people Saturday is a public holiday, they don't have to choose between taking part in demonstrations and protests or going on strike with wage deductions, union groups are therefore hoping that today's rallies will attract more people.
Neither the unions of the bus system Metro nor the public railroads called for a strike of their employees today, and the bus system should be able to function normally, with people able to ride to rallies, while people can depart for their vacations as normal in areas where schools have begun their winter breaks.
Trade union groups are hoping for more than a million people to attend the rally today, while police are expecting a possible national turnout of between 600,000 and 800,000, with between 90,000 and 120,000 people likely to gather in the Paris metropolitan area.
Since the beginning of this protest against the government's pension reform program, the number of people actually taking to the streets to participate in the march has gradually decreased, although polls show that most French people do not support the measure to postpone the mandatory retirement age from the current 62 to 64.
The first strike demonstrations on January 31st rallied between 1.27 and 2.5 million people across the country.
And the crowds at this Tuesday's (Feb. 7) demonstration have shrunk to between 757,000 and two million nationwide.
This pension reform proposal is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially those led by the radical left, have submitted numerous amendment proposals, so that the review process is moving forward very slowly.
And the debate between the court and the opposition is getting more and more heated and sharp.
A lawmaker from the radical left-wing party France Indomitable recently triggered a protest from the ruling party by transmitting on social media an image of himself with his foot in a balloon bearing the head of the labor minister.
The Speaker of the National Assembly eventually announced a 15-day ban on the member's participation in parliamentary activities as a punishment for such behavior.
Despite the fact that this reform program has triggered the largest social upheaval in France in the last 20 years or so, the government has so far not made any major concessions, although it has tweaked the draft slightly.
The unions are already preparing to launch another action next Thursday, the 16th, and they are also planning to organize demonstrations on March 7th, when the draft reform is sent to the Senate for discussion.
China's encouraging higher fertility rates by promoting sperm donation at colleges and universities with high quality standards.
The Human Sperm Bank of China's Yunnan Province issued a publicity campaign on the 9th, soliciting sperm donations from people with college degrees or above or school students, who will receive a RMB 4,500 subsidy for 8 to 12 successful donations.
According to Taiwan media reports today, the message rushed to the microblogging hot search on the same day, and triggered Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing and many other provinces and cities to follow up the initiative.
China is encouraging college students to donate sperm, according to a Liberty Times op-ed.
Colleges and universities around the world to donate sperm which Beijing donates sperm to the highest threshold, in addition to academic qualifications, but also requires a height of 170 centimeters or more, decent features, no obvious hair loss, myopia can not be higher than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Yunnan Human Sperm Bank noted that sperm donors receive a full set of male medical checkups worth 1,000 RMB, "especially semen and chromosome tests, which most people have never had done before and which are significant in understanding their fertility status."
Sperm donors are required to be at least 165 centimeters tall, have a college degree or above, or be enrolled in a college, and be free of color blindness, color deficiency, genetic diseases such as Hepatitis B, and infectious diseases.
The report quoted China's Tianmu News as saying that the Shaanxi Human Sperm Bank had printed a propaganda poster saying "Paid sperm donation, unlimited honor", calling on young people to respond to sperm donation and encouraging netizens to forward the message to "let love pass on".
The price tag in Shaanxi Province is higher than that in Yunnan, with qualified individuals receiving RMB 300 in cash each time, and a subsidy of RMB 5,000 for those who have completed a certain number of sperm donations.
And the highest known price tag is in Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of RMB 5,150.
East Germany's last communist chancellor died today
The successor of the Communist Party of East Germany reported in a statement from the party, "Last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
As a result, our party has lost an important leader.
"
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall that had separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow had said he would help turn East Germany into a democracy.
At that time, communist leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
When Mikhail Gorbachev came to power in the Soviet Union, he called for change in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe as well.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The results of the election resulted in his ceasing to be Prime Minister.
Despite Modrow's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political change and unification that occurred in October 1990.3 The government's efforts to reform the country's political system have been a major challenge to the country's economy.
He has also been criticized for trying to reinvent rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modrow was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but did not go to prison.
It has been claimed that these allegations are politically motivated.
Modrow continued to serve in the German Parliament from 1990 to 1994 and was a Member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modrow saw himself as a reformer and wanted to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters that he did not want the old GDR to return, but said that the GDR's achievements should be recognized.
Modrow was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a machinist.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader in a youth fire department and near the end of the conflict became a member of the Nazi militia, the Volkssturm, which recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 to fight in the final struggles of the war.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by Soviet forces and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he took anti-fascist courses and became a staunch communist.
In 1949, the year of the founding of East Germany, he returned to his home country and found work as a machinist and continued his studies in social sciences and economics, earning a Ph.
Modrow was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement, to which almost all young people in East Germany belonged, and rose through the ruling Social Unity Party (SED) to become chairman of the regional party in Dresden between 1973 and 1989.
He also served in the East German Parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany, holding the highest state office.
Iran marks anniversary of revolution Hackers supporting protests hack president's televised speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ebrahim Raisi's televised speech.
The President's live televised address was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute when a group of anti-Iranian government hackers appeared on the screen with the logo "Edalat Ali (Justice Ali)".
A voice also appeared shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
Hackers interrupt state TV coverage as Iran marks anniversary of revolution, Reuters reported today.
As Iran officially commemorates the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, Raisi's hardline government faces its boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Raisi is still calling on the "deluded youth" to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Nationwide protests swept through Iran still after the death of Mahsa Amini, 22, in September in the custody of the country's morality police.
The deadly crackdown by Iranian security forces on the protests is one of the strongest challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution that toppled the 2,500-year-old monarchy.
As part of an amnesty marking the anniversary of the revolution, Iranian authorities released jailed dissidents Farhad Mesami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha on Friday, who were on hunger strike.
Earlier Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued a general amnesty that included a number of prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors, according to human rights organization HRANA.
Reports indicate that 70 Government security personnel were also killed.
As many as 19,763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and official media have been calling for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests as well as support for the government.
On the night of the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution on Friday night, official media displayed fireworks as part of the government-sponsored celebrations, with people chanting "Allahu Akbar"!
(God is the greatest!)" .
However, many people at the rally could also be heard shouting "Death to the dictator"!
" and "Death of the Islamic Republic" in a video posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live footage of official rallies in states across the country.
In Tehran, domestically produced anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed as part of the official celebrations.
President Leahy's speeches were often interrupted by slogans of "Death to America" - a signature slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted "Death to Israel".
Adelkhah, who has been jailed since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in the deterioration of relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months, Reuters said.
She was sentenced in 2020 to five years in prison on national security charges.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah denied the allegations.
And Messami's release comes a week after supporters warned that he was at risk of death because of his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against the mandatory wearing of the hijab.
The French Foreign Ministry responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday by calling for her freedom to be restored, "including the possibility of allowing her to return to France if she so wishes".
"
Balloon incident rubbing America the wrong way even more?
Increased restrictions on technology exports to China
The U.S. is poised to further tighten technology exports to China in the wake of the ballooning incident, the Wall Street Journal reported today.
Current and former security officials said the ballooning incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and would garner more political support for stronger U.S. technology protections.
The United States says the balloon carries antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communications.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official who now works at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank.
"It certainly adds fuel to the fire and supports the views of the hardliners against China".
We will also consider a broader range of actions to expose and respond to China's larger surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security as well as to our allies and partners," White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday.
"U.S. officials say they have notified more than 30 governments about the aforementioned balloon incident and that international coordination is critical to countering the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the Biden administration's actions, the new U.S. House of Representatives Select Committee on U.S.-Communist Strategic Competition with China could also pressure the United States to take tougher measures to slow down China's development.
She said members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn could force the White House to adopt tougher policies.
Many advocates of stricter export controls are also pushing to expand them to include industries such as artificial intelligence, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The U.S. government has also been working on a foreign investment review program to look at U.S. investments abroad for potential national security threats from China.
Analysts say the White House could face calls to roll out the program more quickly.
Earthquake relief in Turkey and Syria continues around the clock
Since the powerful earthquake in Turkey's bordering Syria, rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working day and night in the rubble of thousands of quake-damaged buildings to free survivors buried under the rubble.
In the freezing temperatures, they often appealed for silence as they tried desperately to hear any sounds of life from the crumbling piles of concrete.
Two more women have been rescued after surviving days in the earthquake rubble, Reuters reported today.
However, the death toll from the earthquake climbed to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey was 20,665 and in Syria more than 3,500.
Monday's 7.8-magnitude quake, which continued with several powerful aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, was the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing Japan's 2011 quake and tsunami, and approaching the 31,000 deaths caused by an earthquake in neighboring Iran in 2003.
A similarly powerful earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Rescuers in Turkey rescued two women from the rubble of collapsed buildings after they were trapped for 122 hours following the region's deadliest earthquake in 20 years, authorities said Saturday.
Another injured 55-year-old man, identified as Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, Turkey's largest city in the southeast.
Rescuers often appealed for silence in the freezing temperatures as they tried desperately to hear any sounds of life from the crumbling piles of concrete.
In the Samandag district of Turkey, rescuers crouch under a concrete slab and whisper "Inshallah" - "God bless" - as they carefully reach into the rubble to save a 10-day-old baby. -- they carefully reached into the rubble and rescued a 10-day-old newborn.
His eyes widened as baby Yagiz Ulas, wrapped in a warm blanket, was carried to the field hospital.
Video images show first responders also took his mother, who was dazed and pale but lucid on a stretcher.
Turkey's Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the last 24 hours and that 31,000 rescuers had been mobilized in the affected areas.
He said about 80,000 people were being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people had been rendered homeless by the quake and were huddled in makeshift shelters.
As many people lacked food in the cold winter conditions, there was growing public skepticism about the response of the leaders of both countries to the relief effort.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has traveled with his wife Asma to a hospital in Aleppo, reportedly for the first time since the earthquake, according to official Syrian media.
Earlier, the World Food Program said it was running out of stockpiles in rebel-held northwestern Syria as the state of war complicated relief efforts.
On Friday, Erdogan visited Turkey's Adıyaman province, where he admitted that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is up for re-election in a May 14 vote that could be delayed by the disaster.
Anger over delays in delivering aid and launching relief efforts could affect the election, Reuters said.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as Erdogan's toughest challenge in his two decades in power.
Erdoğan called for unity and condemned what he called "negative campaigns for political gain."
Turkey's main opposition leader, Kemal Kilidaroglu, criticized the government's response.
Critics say, "The earthquake was big, but worse than the earthquake was the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence.
"
Hanoi - On the morning of February 11, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD) during their visit to Brunei Darussalam, reports a special correspondent of the Viet Nam News Agency (VNA).
The University of Brunei is the largest center of higher education and scientific research in Brunei and ranks third in the list of universities in the region.
Brunei University is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
Brunei University officially established a partnership with FPT University Vietnam in July 2013, with the main area of cooperation being English language training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, German, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei has also incorporated Vietnamese into its teaching programs.
During the visit to Brunei University, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife from the Vietnamese government interacted with students of the Vietnamese language class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh is pleased that more and more foreigners like to learn the Vietnamese language, thus contributing positively to promoting the image of Vietnam's cultural characteristics and local customs around the world.
Government Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language teaching team at the University of Brunei is getting stronger; and that the students of the Vietnamese language classes are getting more and more interested in the Vietnamese language, study hard to be able to use Vietnamese fluently at an early date and become ambassadors of the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and the Philippines.
Taking the opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also communicated via video with Vietnamese students who are studying English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang City to learn more about their studies, especially during the epidemic.
Government Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh believes that the partnership between FPT University and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol in the educational partnership between Vietnam and Brunei.
At the same time, it is hoped that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and contribute positively to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and the Literature.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh spoke highly of the achievements of the two countries in education cooperation, including the cooperation between FPT University and Brunei University, as well as the initiative of Brunei University to incorporate the Vietnamese language into the teaching curriculum, during a discussion with the Minister of Education and the leadership of Brunei University.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh hoped that the University of Brunei would continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expanding the size of Vietnamese language classes.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also highly appreciated the positive results of the cooperation between the two countries based on the Memorandum of Understanding on Education Cooperation signed in April 2014, and suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out short-term exchange training programs such as Global Discovery Programme, Discovery Year, and so on. It is recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively implement short-term exchange training programs such as the Global Discovery Programme, Discovery Year, etc.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh highly appreciated the establishment of Brunei University in Vietnam as its first branch in Southeast Asia; believed in the growing scale of the university's development in the region and the world; and further expanding cooperative relations with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Myint Seng and his wife planted a commemorative tree on the University of Brunei campus and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh wished Brunei University to move forward and contribute more and more to Brunei's education, as well as to develop deeper and wider cooperation with educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(concluded)
Vietnam News Agency
Hanoi - The official visit of Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife to Singapore and Brunei by the Vietnamese Government has been a complete success with comprehensive, practical and concrete results, reports a special correspondent of the Viet Nam News Agency (VNA).
Within three days of his visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Pham Myint Seng participated in more than 30 different events.
The results achieved have given new impetus to promoting the strategic partnership between Viet Nam and Singapore and the Viet Nam-Vietnamese Comprehensive Partnership to develop continuously in a deeper, broader and more effective direction.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh continued to reiterate the external line of the Party and State of Viet Nam, namely independence, pluralism, multi-variation, and readiness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries and a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is a demand of their respective countries, committed to the well-being of their peoples and to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Viet Nam through the exchange of visits by high-level delegations, the effective implementation of bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on Green and Digital Economy Partnership with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening Vietnam-Vietnam Comprehensive Partnership for the period 2023-2027 with Brunei are the two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore sign Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During meetings with business leaders, symposiums or attendance at economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh stressed that Vietnam welcomes and creates convenient conditions for Singaporean and Brunei enterprises to expand the scope of investment in Vietnam in the fields of digital transformation, green energy, high technology, innovation and creativity.
The visit will not only help deepen Vietnam's cooperative relations with Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also create a framework for the countries to work together in new potential areas such as the digital economy, the green economy, energy transformation, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
King Hassanal Bolkiah of Brunei and Prime Minister Pham Myint Seng are ready to enter the bilateral forum.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During his visit to both countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and aspirations of the local Vietnamese community.
In meetings between the two leaders, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh has suggested that the authorities of the two countries pay more attention to and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society, and nurture the relationship between the two countries.
The proposal was agreed and supported by both leaders.
In particular, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also shared with the two leaders the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; agreeing to maintain solidarity with ASEAN countries and to elevate ASEAN's centrality against the backdrop of a complex and volatile regional and international situation.
With the important results achieved, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh's official visits to Singapore and Brunei have contributed positively to the effective implementation of the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam (CCPV)'s foreign policy line that prioritizes the strengthening of relations with ASEAN neighbors, the effective implementation of Conclusion No. 12 of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV Central Committee) on the Overseas Vietnamese Affairs Work in the New Circumstances (12-KL/TW) and the utilization of the strength of the whole nation's unity, among other things.
(concluded)
What exactly was the "object" shot down over Alaska?
Confusion and speculation abound
The U.S. military once again used the F-22, America's most advanced stealth jet fighter, to shoot down an as-yet-unidentified object flying over the U.S. state of Alaska on Friday (Feb. 10) afternoon.
The location of the shoot down was ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the U.S. military has shot down an airborne object.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was destroyed over the U.S. coast near South Carolina after drifting through U.S. airspace for several days.
The Pentagon said the second downed object, which first entered U.S. airspace on Thursday night, was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeastern Alaska, flying at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet) and was about the size of a small car, much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes that there is no indication that the object is manipulable.
John Kirby, coordinator of strategic communications for the White House's National Security Council, said Friday that while the exact appearance of the object flying at high altitude was unclear, it "poses a legitimate threat to the safety of civil aircraft."
Kirby said the object was different from the spy balloon found in the U.S. in that it did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
"We call it an 'object' is the best description we can make at this point", Kirby said.
President Biden took advice from the Pentagon before ordering the object shot down, and he made that decision "very carefully," Kirby added.
The official U.S. description of the object can be roughly summarized as being the size of a small car, with no joystick, no suspension, and flying at an altitude of about 10,000 meters.
But this information does not yet answer basic questions, such as what exactly this object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is on.
Much of the current analysis and speculation online suggests that this could be another Chinese balloon.
It may have come from China as did the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America on some kind of mission in a different location.
Others have linked the Alaska "object" to "unidentified flying objects" (UFOs).
The Newsweek story quotes former U.S. Rep. Peter Meijer (R-N.Y.) as tweeting Friday, "I really hope this 'UFO' is also a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO" .
"The irony of conflating an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth starting an interstellar conflict," Major said.
Major sent this tweet shortly after Kirby confirmed that this object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said Major was not the only one who suspected the object was a UFO.
Tennessee Republican Rep. Tim Burchett (R-Tennessee) criticized the administration's cover-up last month, calling on the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) to release its report on the "unidentified flying object".
Amazon's customer service attitude is unbelievable to me
I'm guessing very few people are reading this, but I'll chime in a little bit.
This shirt was a zippered hoodie when we purchased it and ended up being a short sleeve for me.
Immediately after receiving the dress, I contacted Amazon customer service, who confirmed at the time that the dress was still in stock, and I asked for an exchange, and the customer service said to go and sort it out, and then immediately saw that the item name had changed to Short Sleeves, and that the original link to the one I'd bought was off the shelves.
Then customer service notified either keep the item for a certain amount of compensation or return it.
Is this how Amazon handles it?
It's really unbelievable that the wrong clothing shipment wasn't my problem per se, and as a consumer I asked for the item I was supposed to get and didn't make any very exaggerated claims, and Amazon changed the name and said it was out of stock.
This is my first long review and I hope it's not my last.
Sleeves that boggle the mind
Said to be cowhide, also really hard, but look closely, there are many small cracks in the local, confused whether it is real leather, in addition to the sleeves of this dress is really incomprehensible, usually the sleeves of the jacket to be longer than the hem, but usually only 1-2 cm, this dress is long enough 5 cm, the arm naturally down should be in the palm of the hand in the position of the tiger's mouth, but the sleeve of this dress over the fingers! The sleeves of this dress are over the fingers.
It's easy to buy clothes and easy to return them.
But I really don't know when I'll have to return the money.
The dress is well made and I only had to return it because the fit was on the small side, but after returning it, over a week has passed so far and I haven't received a refund?
And to have the purchaser contact the less-than-honest All Peak Express on their own was the worst purchase since purchasing an item from Amazon!
But the store is still good, actively cooperate with the courier to urge the timely refund, but this all peak courier is really work is done quite outrageous, dragging half a month or so before the refund, this kind of partner is to drag the leg of Amazon, poor work efficiency, no sense of service!
More suitable for young people
99 seconds.
The sweaters are well made, colorful, and feel good, soft/thin, and don't smell like kerosene.
Unfortunately the fit is of a skinny type, more suitable for young people.
3XL, flat waist 2 feet 5, stretch the maximum size of 4 feet, 1.79/80 kilograms wearing waist a little tight.
There doesn't seem to be any elastic around the waist, and it's kinda hard to add slack to the waistline.
Plus, it's uncomfortable to wear close to your body.
Good. The colors aren't very bright.
Just bought it and it's gone up over two hundred dollars, what's going on.
The first time Amazon used the cooperation of the daily bad courier, the first delivery was not at home, and then took the initiative and the courier about the delivery time twice, that courier did not deliver, and then returned it to me directly, this damn courier has no integrity at all, strongly recommend not to use that daily bad courier again.
This time there was another bodysuit returned to me as well, and the price went up over a hundred dollars for another shot.
Amazon's own should not have items like this
The product was purchased on special for a good price and reading the reviews it is a great product.
I was dumbfounded when I actually received the product, the item had extensive surface wear and multiple other areas of wear and tear, it was either substandard or old, pictures later.
I requested a return and the manufacturer's guy saw the pictures and said it was due to shipping, which is not nonsense.
How is it possible for merchandise to wear out on the inside?
There are only two possibilities, either the item is inferior and old, or I intentionally damaged the item and took it back.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the goods, but in terms of my credit history of shopping on Amazon, I think that such goods should not appear in the Amazon self-provisioned goods, customers choose Amazon self-provisioned is the trust, CUSTOMER WIN, WE WIN, the victory of the customer is the victory of the manufacturer, I hope that we will work together to improve, thank you.
I've been using this product for less than a year and I'm getting two E2s.
I bought this product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016 the right two groups of receivers often appear red E2, should be a problem with the transmitter module, which is not consistent with the Amazon website that the transmitter module can last for 7 years, and can not find after-sales service on the Amazon website, now I do not know what to do?
It's okay.
First purchase was bad.
Doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn and the label on the body was torn.
And it's always a white screen.
It's better after the change.
The exchange was pretty quick, a little blurry at night, not a very wide viewing angle, but enough for normal home use.
The downside is that it doesn't have a card, I bought it myself, and the fact that I've bought cell phones from Amazon before.
There will be a sticker on the package to prevent the package from being opened, not this time, there is also a sticker like stamp to put on the warranty card when you buy the phone, not this time.
I don't know if it's confusing if things are cheaper or not.
Waiting for a reply from the supplier
Packaging without any identification, directly to the supplier called to say, answering no identification is genuine, such as doubt available edges mailed to Johnson & Johnson inspection, but also left the license plate number and phone number, promised to send a text message notification to enter my information into the Johnson & Johnson official website warranty card, and now also did not receive a text message ah?
Received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own goods are still very reassuring.
The oil change guy said the oil was clear and really good .
As it is the second purchase.
So it's still very reassuring.
Fast shipping, no nitpicking with the packaging, and the engine sound has dropped significantly with this oil.
The price/performance ratio is good, and it's hard to find synthetic oil under two hundred.
Support Star Crown, support the winning brand, effective protection for your car.
Amazon Japan's customer service issues have resulted in serious damage to buyers (8c caterpillars shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
Acknowledged the mistake, but kept passing the buck, always emphasizing that the goods were third party and could not bind the third party.
Order No. 503-4265464-1830254.
I initially purchased the page size options for 7c, 8, 9c, at that time I think this is a trap, call Nichia Chinese customer service, clearly informed that 8 is 8c, but wait for the goods back to China only to find out that only 8cm, I think this is completely deliberately set up traps to pit Chinese people (according to Amazon's after-sales), and now check the page is no longer available for this option.
Chinese customer service: I'm sorry to have caused you loss, we give you two ways to go:
1, you return it and the buyer pays all shipping costs.
2, if you don't return it, we'll reimburse you 1,000 yen.
(I'll do the math. Shoes are over 4000 yen, which works out to 200rmb. Option 1, I don't have any shoes, and the loss is in the 200rmb range.
Option 2, I have shoes, finally compensated me 2000 yen, the final loss in 150rmb Customer service: we have recorded it, we will deal with it seriously, the next day back to an email, said I do not accept the Chinese customer service mediation, and that's the end of it.
When I brought up the fact that the page for purchases is for confusing options like 7c, 8, 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me out by saying that the common Japanese codes don't come with a c like that, something like 140, but have you guys ever fucking looked at other caterpillar pages?
All of them have a mix of US code, and Japanese code labels.
Besides, why did you put your 8cm in the middle of the 7c and 9c, what's the point of putting it there when it's clearly the smallest size.
Chinese Customer Service: We provide Chinese service, but we don't know you want to ship back to your country, so we won't claim for your shipping cost.
This logic I do not understand again, I am Japanese, I also want Chinese customer service, living in Japan, China does not need Chinese customer service, go to Japan tourists, do not have that effort to play the international long-distance, then the question comes, what people need to play the Amazon overseas purchase of Chinese phone, nothing like me, such as the Japanese Taoist.
Amazon Chinese customer service is not just convenient for those of us who are seafood?
Not very happy with this purchase
This is the second time to buy Pampers diapers from Amazon, once bought a box of them when the baby was 2 months old, and chose diapers with imported European paper, the first purchase experience is still relatively satisfactory, the baby uses one diaper all night long, and it does satisfy for 12 hours without changing the diaper.
But this time to buy L-size diapers, a box inside 2 packages of separate packaging, open the paper is relatively loose, with the import of Pampers has a clear difference, to the baby used, it is not bad, there is no leakage of urine and there is no sign of rashes and so on.
But when it came to the second pack of diapers, the baby immediately developed a rash on his inner thighs after he started using them, and it hasn't faded yet.
Doubt the 2 packs inside 1 box, the quality is still different ah.
I should not continue to buy in the future!
Want to emphasize the protection of parcels in transit
This is one of the worst packaged shipments I've seen in all my online shopping, with absolutely no protection, cushioning foam, wrapped cushioning layer material, etc., whatsoever.
Just a crushed and deformed box.
And inside the soft plastic box packaging, the card box are pressed open pressed to deformation.
I hope it's authentic Quality is guaranteed, in the future is not much dare Amazon to buy things.
I'd rather be half as expensive domestically and have a little more security.
And the issue with the merchandise product packaging, as I read the reviews someone commented on in 2016, and now 19 years later, it's still the same.
It shows that Amazon simply does not pay attention to the service feedback piece, and the domestic Jingdong, Tmall, etc. is too far away.
Nice, but a little bit of a bummer
The color of the whole cup is my favorite, orange, and even though my family has a baby boy, I still think the orange with the yellow is very bright.
It's a little smaller than I thought it would be, but it was meant to be used to take out of the house, so it's acceptable.
Took it home last night and tried it out, after the cap is pushed off, the distance between the straw and the cap is too close, because the straw is positioned positively vertical, so my son always has to drink with the bump on top of the cap in his mouth, and wondered if this area could be improved.
It seems like other brands of sippy cups make their straws angled for a good reason, and with kids' stuff, it's really all about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large capacity
Love that it's lightweight and has a large opening, it's the two separate divider pockets that are a bit redundant for me, I feel like I don't know what to put in them.
After I bought it, I realized that there was another one of a very similar brand on Buy American Overseas for just under two hundred dollars.
Fake. Extraordinarily fake.
I'm also convinced that Amazon sells fake products.
Customer service said I can't return it because I used it, how do I know it's fake if I didn't use it.
Because of trust, so sad, after all, it is a wipe face supplies, really go to the physical store to buy it, recognized more expensive.
I didn't read the comments because it was a second, I've submitted it to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, let's defend our rights together.
It's broken?
Counterfeit?
In short tragedy.
With the second piece of the time to choose the pores detailed, but a strange smell when you open, thought it was normal, because I have not used this, and then stick to the face of the whole can not stand it, a very punchy flavor, indescribable, smoked to the immediate cough out, the eyes are also very painful, tears, and immediately take off to wash your face.
I don't believe it but I opened another piece of the same type, it doesn't smell as bad and I'm putting it on now.
In retrospect it kind of smells like a bad perm in a hair salon.
It's unimaginable, is it hard to believe that Amazon's own skincare products will have to be avoided from now on?
It's a crooked business.
At the time of purchase, the activity page is said to be full of 99 yuan to give "three body full set", received the goods do not have this gift, call customer service said to give them to see the screenshots of the activities at that time, the problem is who buy things also save the screenshots of the web page ah, you have done the activities, but also need to customers to help you to provide ah, all buyers next time to be! Keep an eye out, save the evidence.
feeling after using
The first time to buy things in Amazon, respectively, feel a few points, first of all to say after the use of the feelings of the goods it, the first is indeed painless, there is no stimulation of the flavor of the stuff, overall very good, static waiting for 8 minutes or so a wipe off, just there will be a small amount of sweat slag on top, not a close look is not visible, so that the overall is good, as for the aftermath of all just to use a time but also to continue to observe, and continue to use to know! The actual hairs are not as well known as the ones that are not.
Anyway, I think this stuff is really good.
Second from ordering on the 27th and receiving the item on the 12th, a total of 15 days or half a month, and great service from the Amazon delivery guy.
Third, don't trust Amazon for any Black Friday, order on Friday, wait 2 days and it's close to 12 bucks cheaper, which means I bought it as 170+ (plus shipping and stuff), there's a kind of feel-good kind of thing that raises the price if you have an event.
Customer service said something about price fluctuations, I have been following the price for more than 10 days and that's it, the fluctuations are not big.
Affordable price, Japanese origin, with Chinese label, with pellets, absolutely repurchase!
Paste with particles in the body, the sense of freshness is just right, after using the teeth smooth, on a second-hand East than a too strong, where it is said to be imported things, but a lot of things do not have Chinese labels, I do not know where to wholesale from.
From now on, never go back to used east as long as Amazon has it.
Give a suggestion, how can you not get a tan on Amazon's app sometimes, hopefully some improvements will be made to the app and it will do better and better!
Excellence has gotten worse and worse over the years and there is no quality of service to speak of!
Garbage excellence does not take into account the needs of the customer When placing an order special delivery time 19:00-22:00.
Because of the presence of elderly people who are bedridden and inconvenient after surgery, it is only possible to collect mail conveniently at night.
It turned out to be a surprise that it was delivered right to my door at 12 noon without a prior phone call.
If the delivery time is whatever your courier wants it to be, why pretend to make a time for the customer to choose?
If there's no way to guarantee service with your own logistics, then simply don't do e-commerce!
Getting an old man with 3 wounds out of bed to open the door to receive a delivery and having to pay for it with change!
Obviously there is a contact number on the order!
From the beginning to the end no one came to the phone to get in touch to give an explanation!
The so-called complaint customer service of Joyo.com is just a bunch of outsiders pretending to be there, perfuming your complaint and then giving you a so-called reply.
There will be no changes or compensation!
I've had this problem before with similar delivery times not being right and put up with it, but this time I couldn't stand it, it was too much!
New book bought pre-sale arrived surprisingly front and back cover is reversed, this look obvious quality problems on this look closed eyes to send the book to the customer?
Leave a bad review and no one will contact you.
Excellence has gotten worse and worse over the years and there is no quality of service to speak of!
Wouldn't spend another dime on excellence.
The quality of the pictures is just unacceptable
With a title like "Ancient Atlas", this book is unacceptable in its choice of images, layout and printing, some of which are even mosaicked and blurred to the point of being unrecognizable.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, and even if it is illustrated in small format, it should stand up to the ocean of medieval and ancient documentary material left behind by our ancestors in the catalog!
(Besides, many of the images are available as clear original files from relevant industry sources.) What's the difference between piecing together a book with such images and using no images at all?
! I feel sorry for such a spirit of governance.
The text is not evaluated, and each party has its own way of distinguishing it.
2 stars overall.
The second year of high school when I read this book at the time just hold a boring look at the mindset of play, feel that the book should not be addicted to it, after all, the starting point of the net article in the past or not very attractive to me.
And then... Just fell into the pit.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively easy and pleasant, the first part of the Ye Xiu is still in the online game, even if the guilds hooked up with each other, also because often by the Ye Shen dog blood, make it not heavy at all.
As for the part where it comes to the contest, it's written with a little bit of heartache of the changing times of old and new (maybe I'm just sentimental).
Reading the whole thing took me a lot of study time sophomore year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.
Full-time on the characters and emotional lines of the depiction of people very amazing, some characters just occasionally brought, but also will leave a deep impact, like more focus on the description of the role of Ye Xiu Huang Shaotian Su Mu orange have a large number of fans, and not in the center of the writing of the role of the role of, for example, Jiang Botao Chu Yunxiu, and so on is also very find people to like, in an e-sports cool article surprisingly let people can not find a let a person hate to the extreme characters, this is full-time in the Characterization success.
And in the relationship line, full-time also does not have the general net article is criticized by the harem beautiful thirty million either beautiful or corrupt fault, the full text of all the people's feelings, all have a common place is that they love the glory of the game, and most of them want to hallow the victory.
Little measurements are there yet there is no great intrigue and everyone seems so innocent and sweet.
That's probably why there aren't any obnoxious characters full time.
The full-time IP is big and attributed to that.
Netflix as a cultural phenomenon aside, Full Time is not a bad read.
More or less he really does provide some heat and a little touch.
Full-time to be anime-ized this April.
Actually want to buy all this set of books for a long time, in the way of forever wallet is not thick enough are not ruthless down, and then want to buy it found, tb on the simply rampant fakes, in fact, full-time recently came out of another version of the cover picture bar I myself is quite like, but still intend to buy the old version of the first, so just look on amazon, a one-time to buy a set down.
Next, a brief word about the shipment.
● The plastic cover of the fourth book is missing, but the book is new.
● The seventeenth plastic cover was in but was opened and the texture of the book felt strangely hard without the others.
● Book 23 is in the same condition as book 17, but also harder than book 17, but very old.
● Individual books have different publishers as if 23rd and 17th are the same publisher, unlike the others.
● Overall it was quite satisfying, 24 books in a very large box.
Lonely Little Lion
When I got the book, I thought it was going to be as simple as The Lost Corner, but it turns out there's a lot more text oops!
It took three times to read the book to the kids, a little lion who shoots guns and loves Juicy Fudge.
When I saw the lion eat the hunter this plot, the heart slightly uncomfortable, modern urban people for being eaten by animals such an arrangement is a bit unacceptable.
By the end of the scene, the young lion, who has succeeded in human society, loses himself; he is no longer fully lion or fully human.
In the end, there was only the back of the lion cub, wondering where he had gone.
It is possible that years from now, the image of this lion cub will remain in the memory of a grown-up child, and will be recalled at an unspecified time one day, perhaps touching or inspiring her.
A great portfolio for the money
1, before I did not know TASCHEN, recently bought a lot of their books, the reason is too strong, both in the selection and the production itself.
There have been three editions of this work, the largest being close to 50 centimeters long by 34 centimeters wide, like that Michelangelo complete work; the middle edition is roughly 36 centimeters long by 23 centimeters wide; and this is the smallest, and comes with a book box for the two-volume book edition.
Personally, I think it is acceptable, first, the price is cheap, and more than 700 pages are divided into two books, as a paperback is also better to flip; secondly, is different from the complete works of Michelangelo that book, paintings accounted for the main body, da Vinci this black and white manuscripts accounted for most of the limited budget, non-art professional readers, this edition as the appreciation of the paintings and manuscripts of the best price is the cost-effective.
2, the narration of the painting part is great, with composition analysis, draft analysis and historical background (such as the Last Supper), but I don't know if it's the printing or the book size, some of the shaded parts of the county are too deep to see the details, which is a bit of a pity.
3. In contrast to Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer.
The former is already a genius, and the latter's wide-ranging involvement and achievements are not enough to be described as genius.
If before only looking at the paintings could only half experience Da Vinci, after reading the manuscript there is no language at all.
Garbage, whoever buys it regrets it!
Never give bad reviews, this is truly garbage, bought a waste of money God, give a reason!
1. The timekeeping is not accurate, suddenly becomes January 1, the time is zeroed.
2. Inferior quality belts, are not silicone, with wrist allergy blisters.
3. Often can not connect to the phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection is not displayed and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Other.
Logistics is too slow
It showed that it arrived on October 16th, but it turned out to be received on the 21st... bad review!
The delivery was terrible, buying on Amazon is already slow, I didn't expect it to be this slow!
Overall satisfied
Before at first I was worried about the packaging of the camera, this time it was fine, there is an inflatable bag inside, the camera three codes are consistent, also can be registered on the official website, the number of shutter count 0, the rest will have to wait for the test of time .
Shipping speed is quite fast, here to spit on the courier boy, valuable items on the concierge, go fast, I have no way to open the box in front of him to test, on this point is really speechless.
The merchant did what was best for the customer before shipping :)
The merchant was more responsible and called specifically to ask about the size of the screen of the camera used, so he really looked out for the customer.
Shipping was fast too.
Adamantium film fits and works pretty well on it too.
Battery not fully charged
The machine is really good, I would like to ask how to charge the first time from the charge is not enough ah, the charging indicator has been red
I can't find an official Amazon feedback channel at the moment, so I can only give feedback in the product reviews
1. purchased the book through the pre-order route using $31 on March 29th, indicating that it would be pushed to devices on March 31st, at which point the book could not be previewed on the official Amazon site (because it had not yet been released);
2. the book that was pushed to devices on March 31st was blank, with only stay tuned, and the price of the electronic version of the book was reduced to $18 on Amazon;
3. Repeated attempts over the past two days to delete the downloaded blank book from the device and synchronize it again have failed to obtain an electronic version of The Nature of Business that contains the actual content, but I see that the book can already be previewed on the Amazon website.
I have a few thoughts so far
1. the price is not really the most important issue, the key is how to replace the blank books on kindle with books with actual content now, instead of downloading them forever with "stay tuned".
2. Pre-ordered books should not be purchased in the future, after all, in case of jumping the gun, the procedure of downloading another book with empty content looks very complicated;
3. I hope that Amazon will give a normal channel to give feedback on such issues, so that when there are doubts about the download of e-books, or the use of the e-books, there is a place to give feedback (work orders, online customer service can be, you can refer to the official Microsoft Store how to do)
Not really recommended reading
I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see it and write something about it from memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of pieces of life about love.
The tone of the book is extremely plain, the kind of plain as plain as plain water, the wordplay goes to the extreme of simplicity, and the plot is as silent and bland as a street on a summer afternoon.
Each short story is a snapshot of a small period of time in ordinary life, with no beginning and no end.
Finally collected together under the title What We Talk About When We Talk About Love.
I think this collection of stories, and its title, is like a kind of performance art, the author wants to express that love is more than just the sadness and joy on the stage, the urban legend of the sea and the rocks, and not just you and me like glue, love is more than the above nor should it be represented by the above, love is also a life as plain as water, boring day by day, there is also the life of the unpreparedness, the reality of the escape, the future of the The future is uncertain.
As you read this book your mind may go back to the bickering couple next to you, the tasteless marriages of people you know, and less-than-ideal relationships.
This is exactly why I don't recommend reading it; aesthetically, the writing and plot of this book are tasteless, and unless your life is amazing or sweet as living in a candy castle, you'll have to read it with the feeling that you've seen it all and are bored.
And in terms of depth of thought, the everyday episodes don't brighten or expand one's thoughts or horizons (unlike Marquez's Love in the Time of Cholera in this regard), nor do the brief segments explore any questions, such as what kind of mistakes lead to the failure of love?
The breakdown of the protagonist's marriage stems from those reasons?
So I don't recommend reading this book, it doesn't make much sense to read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed more through technique and genre than storyline, and is the reason why this book is a poorer reading experience.
Suitable for cursory reading, not for detailed reading.
The book is logical, but not fleshed out enough.
It explains a lot of the what and why of sales theory, but is very weak on how to do it, just pointing out the direction but not giving specific practices.
Also, the book feels like a patchwork.
Examples are both domestic and foreign; well-known entrepreneurs or salesmen and unknowns.
I don't know if the story was compiled for the sake of examples, but it would have been more convincing to cite some of the author's own cases.
Change around on the title of customer or client.
The headline is still a customer, but in the text it becomes a client.
The eBook also has typos, missing punctuation, and incorrect numbering.
In short, this book is a good choice as a theoretical introduction, but not so much for those who are already engaged in sales and want to improve their sales level.
A quick introductory book on internet finance
This book is very shallow, and can be said to be only an introductory lesson to help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but to go deeper, you still have to follow the charts and dig deeper on your own.
And into the book time earlier, then Alipay WeChat borrow subsidies to cultivate user habits of the content has not been mentioned, today's share of third-party payments is afraid that the book is not so small as the proportion of it.
Nowadays, so many people just take a cell phone with them when they go out to eat, and merchants are abandoning the use of UnionPay because the bank flow is too high.
Still, I am very grateful to the author for writing this primer, and I can see that the author has at least many years of experience in financial observation, and is very familiar with the history of financial development both at home and abroad, which is why he has been able to write such an easy-to-understand content.
It's easy to write tall and empty, the hard part is writing in a way that is easy to understand.
Appreciate you and want you to know it even more!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the level of salary, but whether he or she is sufficiently valued and appreciated at work.
According to Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory, after a person's basic survival needs have been satisfied, the most urgent is the fulfillment of psychological needs - the desire to be understood, affirmed and appreciated.
Indeed, for most of the people in the country, "love you in the heart of the mouth is difficult to open", even with love, gratitude and appreciation is silently put in the heart will not say out.
In this book, the author describes five languages of appreciation: words of affirmation, moments of care, acts of service, gifts of gratification, and physical touch.
I think the important thing is not that you know what the five languages of appreciation really are, but that you can use them from the heart at all times to appreciate and be grateful for those around you, whether they are family, friends or coworkers.
In fact, the closer we are to each other, the more we need to appreciate and be thankful for our lives.
By learning to appreciate, companies can also retain talent to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thank you to the translators for bringing us wonderful ideas and worlds from abroad.
Due to the Chinese and Western cultural background and other reasons, there will be more or less differences between the languages, if you have the opportunity to see the author's original version I believe it will gain more.
Thanks again to the authors and translators and editors for their hard work!
Suspected shoddy goods, ask Amazon for strict scrutiny
Super poor quality, loose packaging, no weight, not even as good as roadside stall products, no grams, no bar code, ten bags of packaging is also loose, not at all the characteristics of qualified products; is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, has applied for a return; completely belongs to the quality of the problem; suggest that businessmen shine their eyes and refuse inferior goods; add: bought another heart to heart, supermarket 23 yuan / 10 rolls, added a few comparative photos, further verified the product's shoddy, in order to give consumers a clearer reference, to avoid financial losses and further mood upset!
Once again, I expect Amazon to be meticulous and tighten up the source of their merchandise.
Sloppy product, falls short of expectations
Pros:
1. Big brands at cheap prices.
Pro 2: The motor and blades are guaranteed by PANASONIC, and they work OK, but they are not what I expected.
Drawbacks:
1. Charging no indicator light, this most basic your power instructions are saved, it is estimated that the purchase of 300 yuan product customers, in the eyes of Panasonic PANASONIC, but also alms, no respect.
2. Strong odor When charging, even if only charging 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of burning plastic.
Tried it in the office for 1 day and got this plastic smell all over the house.
Compared to my previous Philips PHILIPS in the same price range, although it has an extra blade, this Panasonic product, the quality is really sorry for the consumer.
small package
Received the courier a look at the above written electric version know and fell into the pit, than the supermarket to buy a good deal smaller, should be M, with the introduction of goods above the picture packaging is not the same, the so-called new version of it.
Three stars is to blame for being sloppy and not reading the item specs, I have no problem with you selling a size M e-commerce version, what do you mean the item is not the right size?
The e-commerce set is deep, so I'd better go to the supermarket to buy it sometime.
That's it.
I don't like the taste.
The kid hates the taste of toothpaste and says spicy every time, so maybe another word would be more apt, and that's all that's in the kid's vocabulary for now.
I bought it during an event and it was cheap, so I'm sorry to give a bad review, 4 stars, but I won't buy it again.
It's the real thing. It's well packaged.
The packaging was complete with an inflatable bag added to it, and it didn't look like just a bare product as reviewed online.
There is a plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle like described in the picture, and the delivery was fast, came the next day after I took the picture.
It's authentic, just out of stock, not sure when it will be back on the shelves.
A bad shopping experience
Black Friday when the order, the results of waiting for a long time are not received, the back of a query, the package has long been signed for, asked around the colleagues said did not help to sign for it, hurry to contact the courier company, but said that the sender can only initiate the query, contacted Amazon customer service, and waited for more than ten days, and finally figure out is the courier was mistakenly thrown to someone else, and then a few times turnover to finally pick up the courier, the outer packaging has been torn down, the commodity is also a kind of complete, I do not know whether it has been used, in short, quite bad!
Incorrect Matching Picture
I thought I was able to receive headphones like Figure 1, but I didn't expect to receive headphones like Figure 2, and the inconsistency of the figure and object is not even, what is the point of the headphones having different sound sizes on the left and right?
Even though the names are the same, I hope you can pay careful attention to it, and I also ask the person in charge of Amazon to replace the correct matching image in time, thank you very much.
The operating system is mediocre
Used for a period of time, the overall picture is okay, do not feel any difference, it is the system let people look at the tangled, boot time is obviously a little slow, can not make a good setup, and then with the software is no need to comment on, the response speed that is more general, and colleagues compared to the home that is not an order of magnitude.
Read the reviews say very user-friendly design, I did not find where user-friendly, remote control this commonly used up and down, right and left, back button design location is really not complimentary.
So what, just use it as a TV, plus a TV box or something.
The price drop is too much.
The price drop is so great, over a hundred into now 99!
I've accumulated a lot of unreviewed orders at Amazon, so I've standardized on a copied paragraph as the review content.
If I were to rate it with this paragraph, it would mean that this product is at least an 85 or higher.
And for the worse products, I would never be lazy enough to copy and paste the reviews so that other consumers would use them as a reference when purchasing and the business would improve the quality of the item as a result.
Low price for a good cable, this is enough without audiophiles!
Such a cheap line, but it should be up to the hdmi certification standards, personal comparison kill domestic Akihabara these shit (the price is twice as expensive), the line body is thick, but also relatively soft, 7 meters of transmission without noise, the future of low-priced line recognized by the Bess!
The stuff is okay, but Amazon's after-sales service is really way worse than other sites
After placing an order, I found that I had placed a wrong order, but I couldn't cancel it anymore, and the webpage contacted online customer service and kept displaying an incorrect link, so I couldn't get in touch with them.
The delivery guy called me when it arrived, I said I didn't want it, and when I tried to cancel the order which didn't work, the dispatcher took it back and said he'd sign me up on it first and asked me to request a return.
Only when requesting a return was I told that food items cannot be returned once signed for, no way to call Amazon customer service, same story, signed for cannot be returned.
I used to buy items that can't be returned on policy in both Jingdong and Suning, including milk, diapers, etc., and contacted customer service to return them, and the diapers from Jingdong smelled too much after opening them contacted customer service to return them as usual to you Amazon can't.
Rules are dead, people are alive. Contact your customer service, how did it go?
Telling me that I either have to take it myself or have the delivery person buy it themselves, and it's not easy enough for the delivery person, so who am I to make them pay for something they didn't purchase themselves?
Okay, I won't return it, I'll take it for myself, but I have to rate your service 1 out of 10
I urge you not to spend your money in vain
First of all, full of expectations to buy, think all music brand should not be poor to where it received after looking at the packaging feel okay, the head is not bad, but there is a box is basically soft, the appearance is not visible to see, to feel, to eat in the mouth completely tasteless, tasteless and tasteless, bite open to the flesh of the circle is a dark yellow is the bad kind of good and bad to participate in the sale of the ability to eat less than one-third of the persuasion! Do not buy, not cheap, the quality is too bad!
I learned from my mistakes and will never buy fruit from an e-commerce company again!
Where is the product security marking
Bottle bottom corner of the depression of the great, should have experienced a strong impact in order to lead to, from the outside of the bag to see, feel the degree of ravaging people heartbreaking, after all, is the food packaging is too simple, and still belong to the international purchase, and did not see what obvious anti-counterfeiting logo signs, open the bottle is very easy, the key is to cover a layer of honey directly from the inside out of there, there is an opening is almost no adhesion! The key is that the layer of honey inside the cap comes out directly from the inside, and there is almost no adhesion to the opening.
Being born in China I'm a bit confused.
It should be authentic, right?
Also when I took the picture it suggested that it would arrive in the twenties, this was received on the 14th, my first time buying overseas here, just writing down my doubts, maybe this is all normal?
Pick-up service could be improved
I bought a total of 5 pickup coupons, in the extraction, the first appointment to extract 3, the results only sent over 2, after much communication only to confirm that it is a missed, promised to need to make up; the second appointment, just in time for the rest day, the website and WeChat have no prompts need to make an appointment on a working day, causing unnecessary panic, suggesting that the future to improve.
Nice shopping.
Good reviews on the stuff!
Still more believe in Amazon self-supporting things, now overseas purchase later is very convenient, buy back from abroad logistics time than the domestic is only a few days more, I have to say that Amazon overseas purchase to the domestic customs clearance is still very strong, than to go forwarding to a lot of fast, so now a lot of things are in the overseas purchase to buy.
I hope the quality and price of domestic goods can be better, a lot of things are domestically produced, but go out and turn around and buy them back cheaper than at home, I hope to improve.
garbage
When you see such a package, ask everyone: do you think it's roadside trash?
A plastic fragile package is sent from so-called Germany in a plastic bag, is this responsible packaging?
I see such packaging is packed like garbage, buy this product, the packaging and its rudimentary, without any measures to prevent breakage, just a simple plastic bag packaging, after arriving, the package is completely deformed, the contents of the items are also broken.
If I just ran into one of these, I'd admit it, bought a few that were like this, went to Amazon customer service, who then said I could return them, but the shipping was padded, and then the shipping was returned to me in the form of a gift card.
I try to ask, I use cash to pay for shipping, you give me back the gift card, which is to buy your own gift card on my own straight ah, but also their own products mailed to the German warehouse, this is not to buy a product to suffer ah!
And I have been talking to customer service, such a problem is whose responsibility, customer service but half a sentence does not say that their responsibility, even half a sentence of responsibility are not afraid to take responsibility, such after-sales service and what guarantee? In a word: admit it! But I guess I have this evaluation, Amazon will not give the opportunity to publish, directly back to delete!
Quality is good 5 stars, logistics is terrible
1, the quality is very good, the seconds, the price is moderate, value for money.
2, Sturdy, enough material, solid welds, good finish, very good color.
3, logistics is hard, the order was placed on the 3rd and arrived on the 11th.
4, if Amazon hadn't labeled the estimated arrival time as Feb. 7th, I might have been happy with that.
5, but labeling the expected arrival time is equivalent to giving the user a promise, and it is difficult for the user when the promise cannot be fulfilled.
6, If you are not sure of giving a commitment, do not make one.
7, I actually care a lot about the promises made by merchants.
8, so, I scored it low.
The gold thread will lose its color
The effects are still there, but whether they are noticeable or not depends on the individual or the psychology of the person.
One thing that is not so good is the gold thread, originally designed to look good, but in fact, this gold thread will lose its color, put it on the car, if you hold it a few times, there will be some gold dust on your hands, and on the car.
I hope the product can be improved.
This square, there is no decorative effect, do not engage in the gold line up, fall down in the car dirty car also trouble.
Everything is in good condition, speed is fine, in 2 packages and different packaging!
8 days of speed quite fast, but is 2 pieces divided into 2 packages, packaging is not the same, obviously a shock too much, thick cardboard paste, sealed layer of plastic, the outer packaging is also convenient to dismantle, a domestic courier box like, put a few cushioning airbags even if the matter, feel a little perfunctory.
Yalan mattress is really good
34CM mattress is not generally thick, do not want the bed directly sleep mattress can be.
The quality is very good, both the front and the back, are quite soft, sleep is very comfortable, lying on it quickly fall asleep.
The mattress was received because the courier violent transportation there are two places some stains, Yalan customer service is very responsible, very efficient contact to solve the problem.
It's not a self-serve item, shame on Amazon
The page is clearly labeled self-supporting, in fact, by the supplier delivery, after-sales by the supplier is responsible for, out of the problem of their own contact the supplier.
Want to cancel the order, sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier, can not be canceled; want to return the goods, successfully applied for a return in Amazon, sorry, no one cares about you, you need to contact the supplier to return the goods by yourself.
What kind of self-serve merchandise is this nifty.
The goods are not Amazon delivery, after-sales Amazon does not undertake, customer service even said "I help you contact the supplier", but also claimed to be self-supporting, too shameless, naked shameless, naked fraud on consumers!
Depressing experience
The previous cartridge I purchased online from someone else had good filtration and was just as limescale free after the 28 days were over for another day or two.
As has always been in the Amazon acquisition of things of quality can be, this time I thought to buy this side, the first time to buy a cartridge in Amazon, do not feel very good, not only early in the beginning of limescale, and the cartridge has been used up to the 28th day, there will be a suspension of small black carbon powder, I really do not know whether to continue to use it, or just thrown away good, very depressing ~!
It's not as good as it looks.
And I used to use the plug board comparison, the external workmanship is general, how the interior has not been dismantled to see, but I hope that, as described by the store, from the ease of use, whether each individual unit is energized lack of display
The package is broken, waiting for time to test the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is badly damaged, the box inside seems to be new, but the instructions don't seem to be new, only renovated in September, stocking up, hopefully it won't be a bad one by then, please explain to Amazon why several customers have mentioned broken packaging and you guys are at peace with it, thank you!
Overall good, a few minor issues
The first time to buy a water filter, read a few evaluation articles, feel LAICA cost-effective and choose this, received the goods according to the instructions to install the cartridge, try it out, feel good overall, but in the pouring of water, as if the original water will be from the mouth of the place and the treated water mix (the original water compartment sealing is not too tight).
When you use it, be sure to wait until all the water has been strained before pouring it out!
Incomplete picture
The picture did not shoot out the side details, side details and the main body of the style is not consistent, there is a big difference, this is one; this bead is produced in Thailand, no indication of origin, this is two; no indication of the texture, this is three; I bought in the United Kingdom, clearly each item has its own box, there is only a simple plastic bag, and there is no product logo above the bead, where can I judge to be I can't tell if they are fake or not.
Be careful what you buy, especially if you buy something out of Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service sucks.
Ordered two days ago, received it today and realized it was down 40 bucks, spent a lot of time finding customer service who said they couldn't make up the difference and that they could repurchase and return it.
This kind of customer experience and service is really 10,000 times worse than Sompo and Somdong.
It's okay, worth getting as a newbie
Character passes through, and extreme diamond has no comparison, before I saw the mall that price, less said several hundred, I am the first time to play diamond, okay.
Nice stuff.
Things are really good, sent to his girlfriend, just at noon I'm not in the courier plus some unpleasant, the logistics company directly put the mail hosting treasure and did not send the verification of the pickup text message to me, causing me to run two trips.
But baby is really good.
worth buying
The little monkey is adorable, the Amazon deal is so great, and the Chow Sang Sang website ships directly to me, so I ordered the night before and received it this afternoon, so fast.
The postal courier was also very responsible.
Likes!
Confessions of a customer
1 When you receive such a defective product, Amazon customer service tells you not to rush, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then in the middle you contact a customer service agent who will tell you that the issue will be handled by a commissioner who will inform you of the outcome.
You can never initiate contact with this commissioner, nor do you know her work number, nor do you have a direct line contact number, that is, you can't contact her, only she contacts you.
3 Tragically after waiting almost 3 days for this commissioner to contact me, I left my cell phone for a while and did not receive a call from this commissioner.
I waited 2 hours for that commissioner to call, during which time I reached out to Amazon customer service and emailed customer service for her to call me back.
4 Nearly 3 days have passed and I still don't know what Amazon is going to do about me receiving this defective coffee maker!
5 There is no problem with Amazon USA items, overseas shopping as a way of shopping is good, but the service can be far worse than to the USA.
6 For me I can only continue to wait...
unevenness of the floor
Because of the review said very good, all of the expectations of this pot, when I got it, I also like, very lightweight, but when you open the pot found the problem, the bottom of the pot is not flat, the center protrudes, the perimeter of the concave, the oil ran to the periphery of the specially purchased open pot of fat frying a lot of oil can not cover the central area, paste, open the pot can not be opened, so the construction of the estimate can not be normal cooking.
I don't know if I was unlucky and just happened to get a pan with an uneven bottom, but fortunately Amazon offers a one month return, so I decisively returned it.
I retired the pan with a clean brush and worked half a day for nothing.
Good product design needs to be matched with a manufacturing process to realize it
This is a product with a very simple design style.
Cubic in shape, the designer treated the top with a slightly curved surface.
It was supposed to be very smooth lines.
Unfortunately the end result was not able to be realized.
This is because there are two components at the top, the control panel at the front and the water box top at the back.
The curvature of the top cover and the curvature of the control panel actually don't line up, and there's a height difference of up to about 2mm after putting them together.
It looks like a very small gap though.
But it arguably destroys the whole sense of design.
Kind of heartbreaking for that product designer.
It seems that the product managers at Midea are not yet capable of building a product of this caliber.
(For the after-sales lady's feedback of course can not ask too much, but when I heard the after-sales said that all individuals of this product are like this, not only I bought this one has a problem, her disbelief and as a matter of fact emotions make me understand that the United States can not ask too much) 2019-7-7 water pump failure of the water out of the small amount of water, has been the second time to repair the first time two weeks after the first repair is broken again.
It's a great deal after the deal, Amazon's fake deals are sad
Purchased for baby's first week of life and is super insulated.
The outside of the pot can not feel a trace of heat, that is, not afraid of scalding people can also effectively protect the temperature does not spread.
After a night the air conditioned room still manages to stay very warm.
Amazon said that the anniversary activities 320 big discount, and then found that everyone 249,289,299 have, instantly have a sense of being cheated, but went to the supermarket to compare still more cost-effective than the same price of a variety of miscellaneous brands, and in the future out of the car can be carried with the car.
Vitamix Vitamix 6300
I have been watching for a long time, and when I saw USAA 6300 on sale and Central Asia Overseas Purchase for the same price, I rushed to do it.
Ordered on September 2nd, expected arrival was the 21st, and it arrived on the 12th, almost 10 days ahead of schedule, which is really fast!
The box is not big, directly with the original packaging of Vitamix, Amazon is not afraid of falling across the ocean and breaking it!
The machine looks pretty new and has all the accessories, but the cups wobble so much on the base that I'm afraid the cups will fly right out of the machine when I turn it on!
Asked a friend with a 5200 and from his description it didn't seem as loose as the one I have.
The recipes that come with it are all in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I can't find the Chinese version online, which is a pain in the ass!
Received the goods and rushed to buy a transformer, I guess 3 days to arrive, then toss it!
Too small, no umbrella cover, average material.
Not a big number at all!
The second Totes, 1. this one does not have an umbrella cover 2. the umbrella handle material is general 3. clearly written Large, in fact, it is a convenient umbrella for one person, two people use is probably bad enough.
Instead, the one I previously bought at USAA was able to be used by three people without stress.
I don't feel so good.
First of all, the case is not very sturdy, with the addition of a press on the deformation, second is the back of the design of the flat to prevent the box surface of the ABS scratch and does not work, again, the inside of the case is a piece of cloth wrapped, the trolley bar protrudes out of the place.... Wait, all kinds of dissatisfaction, and finally the zipper is a little unsmooth.
PS: The wheels do feel pretty good!
acceptable
Pros: this duffel bag is more sophisticated and looks durable.
Cons: The QR code on the card can't be scanned (what the heck), the 15.6" laptop won't fit (can it be a little longer?), and this duffel bag zippers up but doesn't have a lock for the buyer, which isn't serviceable.
Overall okay, don't know if it's real leather or not
The overall feel is ok, I can't comment blindly without recognizing if it's real leather or not.
It can hold A4 format documents, it has held 80 pages thick, but too thick and too hard boxy objects (that can't be deformed) are not expected to fit.
The bag is soft and the inside inner pocket separation is more user friendly, still quite good.
Just the one I got has a small grit on the bottom, I don't know if it's just my bad taste or?
Too lazy to toss back and forth for a replacement, bear with me.
Overall a four star, still worth it.
ForRoyal has taken the world by storm Camera Strap SLR Strap
This strap is designed to be more scientific, hanging double shoulder, practical, and the chest is a soft material to fix and protect the camera, unlike other fast shooters with screws to fix the bottom of the injured camera, and remove the photography is also very convenient.
garbage aftermarket
I bought the instrument a month and a half ago, missing a part, notified Amazon and gave me the after sales number, after many communications, the part has not been received yet, what kind of efficiency is this!
I guess there are problems afterward repair more trouble, expect good after-sales friends or detour, too much trouble!
Minor flaws, good tone.
The headstock is defective and missing a corner, it feels defective and there are no freebies, but it's good enough for the price and the instrument sounds good.
It's okay. First face sheet.
I've been using it for a long time, and it's generally good, except for the bass not coming out.
It's just that the workmanship isn't as perfect as I thought it would be.
The first time I bought it, there was something wrong with the thing, all the lights were blinking and it didn't work.
Asked to exchange the goods, the result of the goods to Shanghai are three days, and still not delivered.
Calls to delivery were not answered.
The courier company said they only had that contact information.
Amazon can't find a place to complain.
Didn't ask for it, delayed delivery somehow delayed delivery at my request-such a text message came through.
Later on, it says something about transit problems.
Extremely poor shopping experience anyway, starting to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.
Probably won't get it today.
Labels are too sticky and not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, but the printout is not waterproof, and the surface is not laminated; and the label adhesion is very poor, for cable labels at all, very easy to fall off, buy for organizing the cable friends need to pay attention to it.
The pen is ok, but the package is too skimpy, just a cardboard box with no protection whatsoever, and the box that holds the pen is stuck on with a big piece of clear adhesive, and the adhesive is all over the box when you tear it off.
This is how you treat a six hundred dollar item, very disappointing purchase.
No problem with the pen though.
I hope to improve more on the packaging in the future!
The quality is excellent, but for writing, it's not as good as 925-25.
Let's start by praising Daily Express, air parts, super fast and great service!
Have been using 925-25, very good, just received the 925-85, the quality of the pen is not to say, the style is also very beautiful, the reason why I gave four stars because the pen is a little heavy, not suitable for fast writing, the cap to adjust the length of the lead core a little wobbly, personal opinion: the 925-25 to be smoother than the 85.
That's how you become a die-hard Amazon fan.
Bought it at a super discounted price and it turns out the kid doesn't like the point and click pen.
It was unpacked, tried to request a return, and was actually picked up free of charge.
It's awesome.
Not advocating returns, but such a service is the only one of its kind in China.
Hopefully it won't be abused.
For future books, all shifted positions to buy here.
The headphones are off-key, and there's a murmur
These headphones are real garbage, I don't know if it's just my ears or if this headset really isn't what it used to be.
I purchased a blue one two years ago in a certain easy, the sound quality is not bad no noise bass is also good, with more than two years with bad intend to buy another (urbeats ), after all, the feeling is not bad.
Looked again out for a purple one that was pretty nice, but ended up buying this one and opening it up today only to feel that something was wrong, one side was loud and the other small.
At first I thought it was because of the sound effect of the song did not think much, but then listened to half a day I realized that this problem is very serious, not only partial sound, bass effect is not as good as my previous one sounds, there is a little noise, is it only I bought this purple have this phenomenon? Or is it just the purple color that I bought? Or is it just the manufacturing process of headphones that is not working?
Quite a poor review, very disappointing.
I must return it tomorrow during the day.
PS Nice face value.
This AV amplifier has a complicated setup, rough exterior workmanship and high heat generation.
The sound will have to be reviewed after a while!
Just got the German version of the DN1080 on August 14th. at first glance the outer workmanship is so poor.
1. front panel, knobs are plastic.
2. Rear panel audio input jacks, speaker output terminals are poor, randomly find a 1000-2000 CD amplifier all-in-one machine is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is rather thin, my transformer side is also concave, had to open the box to recover by hand, the top cover and the front panel combined loosely.
4. The whole machine's center of gravity is skewed towards the transformer end, making it awkward to move.
It feels like a SONY entry model machine, with that workmanship, out of Malaysia.
It feels like Sony is going to be a lot better than Pony to put it in China for OEM.
5. Machine heat, watch a movie with two channels for about 2 hours on the top cover with a hand to 40-50 ℃, I do not know if the transformer is too large heat.
Nowadays, with more switching power supplies, this stupidly large transformer is estimated to be 4KG.
Sony should have used an active cooling silent fan inside the machine, out of the box all you see is large aluminum plate heatsinks on the tubes.
miserly
FANDUN JEEP Garment Co., Ltd. is a collection of research and development design, processing and production, marketing and trade as one of the clothing enterprises, mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing, is a young enterprise is booming.
FANDUN JEEP apparel focus on the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, the introduction of international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, built the domestic first-class clothing production line.
Maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and branding, efficiency and public welfare.
In terms of informationization construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of the enterprise's product flow, logistics and information flow, so that the enterprise has been strengthened and improved in terms of its comprehensive management capability, and the overall modernization of the enterprise's management level has been upgraded.
Companies adhering to the "integrity, harmony, quality, excellence" business philosophy, products based on the domestic market, favored by the majority of customers.
Van Dun Jeep clothing, because young, so confident!
We sincerely welcome customers at home and abroad to come to cooperate and create brilliant!
Enterprise spirit: positive enterprising, advancing with the times, service tenet: customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission: to lead the trend, establish a brand.
I haven't opened it.
Batteries are in use.
Would love to dissect it and see what's in its belly.
Then I thought, it would be a shame to spend so much money in case I was disappointed when I took it apart, and in case I was happy with it when I took it apart, it would be hard to put it back together again, and I wouldn't feel good about using it.
Never mind, let's say Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed description of the power level, the average person will look at it and get weak in the heart.
I'm ok with that, I've worked in a cell phone factory for a long time, and I'm kind of a half battery engineer except I don't understand the circuits, so I can hold my own.
be pleased beyond one's expectations
I really didn't have a clue before I bought it until I opened the package and it felt right!
Finally when I touched the headphone cable, it felt particularly flexible, the quality is too good, I can't wait to plug it into my phone and open qq music.
I was stunned that the sound quality was even surround 3D!
I've asked at brick and mortar communication stores and it's about the same 30 or so, but it's by no means a Pinsent brand, it's a miscellaneous one, so I'd say this Pinsent, although it's 27 bucks, is definitely worth owning for the price!
Worst online shopping experience
After the order was placed on September 28th, the system showed that it had been shipped, but as a result, I waited until October 12th and still did not receive the goods.
Checking the status of the Amazon order, the seller did not provide a courier number to find out where the order is.
So emailed the seller to ask if he could provide a courier number, and after two days there has been no reply.
I had no choice but to call Amazon customer service, who told me the seller's cell phone number, and I called the store again to ask for it, and after a couple of times, the call went through, and I was told that the delivery was lost, and that I could re-send me another one right away.
Although I was particularly angry, I didn't say much to the seller as long as it was sent to me immediately since I needed the computer in a hurry.
As a result, I called the next day and asked if it had shipped.
The seller said not yet, and that it would not be sent until this afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon to ask, and the seller said he would definitely send it and ship it after 5 or 6 p.m., but when I called at 7 p.m., the phone was unanswered.
I called again the third morning and asked if the shipment had been sent.
Can I have the order number now?
The seller said it didn't ship and told me to order it from someone else if I was in a hurry and that it would ship this afternoon if it could wait.
There's no way around it, it's another long wait to order from another house.
Just have to ask the seller to hurry up and ship.
Finally after numerous follow up phone calls I received my computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because I bought it for someone else, I'll add a comment later.
I just bought it half a year ago and didn't use it a few times, now it's already making bad contact, asking if I can give it a fix?
I haven't used it much a couple times since I bought it because I have a desktop.
I've used it a couple of times in my travel bag.
Recently, I noticed that when I turn it on, it doesn't charge, and I need to hold the charger and cord connection from side to side a couple of times with my hand to get it to charge.
Suspect poor contact at the connector, not sure if I can give it a fix now?
Strongly recommend that Amazon discontinue EMS !
Five stars for the item, one for the logistics, and three for the average.
I don't understand why Amazon wants to send EMS, which is recognized as unreliable in the industry, well, computers are at least valuables!
The order after purchase showed that delivery was expected on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
The morning of the 22nd check logistics finally arrived in Fuzhou, ready to happily receive the goods, as a result, the evening in the case of not receiving any phone calls, text messages, a check of logistics, surprisingly, at noon on the signing of the receipt, but also shows the person signing the receipt!
I was instantly shocked!
Who am I? Where am I? Did I really buy this computer?
It's almost skeptical, okay!
It took a final run to the collection point to get the computer back.
The specific reason is simply because the courier boy to the two single number reversed, well in the pieces are not lost even if.
I highly recommend Amazon not to use EMS anymore, and I will definitely not buy from Amazon in the future if they use EMS for delivery.
It's not bad.
First of all say a just bought a few days to find the price drop, poor evaluation, this is not bad, cost-effective, cpu and graphics card is enough to cope with mainstream online games and a considerable portion of the large single machine, the heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a little bit of light leakage (ips screen of the common disease), the sound quality is not very good, the hard disk is not good (recommend that you spend some money to add a solid state), yesterday, took the after-sales testing of the hardware, there is no problem, comes with the Win8.1 is not very good, it is recommended to upgrade to 10, the seller shipped very quickly, the various inquiries answered very quickly, received the computer the next day the invoice arrived, it is good, but unfortunately what gifts are not.
(By the way buy keyboard film must not go to a treasure a store called E cool digital center to buy, slow delivery poor quality, product problems do not refund or exchange, the boss is also full of swear words, special exposure)
The stuff is great, the platform bureaucrats remain
Hard disk quality is very good, the price is absolutely high, cheaper than buying in Hong Kong, not urgent and can tolerate the logistics of the words absolutely recommended to buy.
But it has to be said that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform remains the same, no improvement from a few years ago when I swore I'd never use it, you can never find out the actual logistics status, the information will always be delivered a few weeks later, you can never complain, it's that bureaucratic!
It's been a few days since the shipment was received and the logistics information is still that you will receive the shipment in 10 or so days!
Logistics is not a concern
Delivered in this condition, not only the packaging is flattened, the electrical packaging is also open, and I do not know whether there is no transfer of packages.
FYI
Haven't tried it yet, always trust Philips, hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
Googled it and it's probably a common problem with water ingress and there's no warranty.
Depression!
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it, I wonder how long it will last?
Buying someone else's disassembled
More than three hundred machines to more than one hundred tax is indeed higher, see now more than six hundred heart balance more.
Received when the sealing tape state looked very wrong, like dismantled, rushed to take a picture first, sure enough a tear on the open, open the cardboard inside there is damage, worried that it is someone else's return, has not yet come to the anniversary of the rush to give the husband to try out first, the results of the machine a bit of electricity, fortunately, the head of the knife inside there is no scruff, or not all the way back how to return it ah!
Whether it's good or not or whether there will be any short-term problems is unknown, and as the previous comment suggests, it's really not a good idea to send something out when it's out of stock!
Upper-middle level of experience
Almost top electric, there are many cleaning modes, but few people will change different modes of brushing every day, right?
Used it for 6 months with no problems, brushed it every day and flushed it almost 1+ weeks.
Brush head accessories are just as cheap to buy on Amazon.
App is a bit hard to use, other than changing the colors and all that, it seems like the compatibility issues are due to the overseas version?
I hope to learn from the Dhamma.
Great value for money
It has been used 3-4 times.
1. Packaging is in good condition.
2, very simple to use and easy to clean.
3. Totally DIY haircut and save money.
IMO, a very successful purchase.
There are fakes.
The last time I bought two packages, it was actually two different versions, originally the word on the bottom left corner of the package was green, but it turned out that one package wasn't, it was a white word, and as a result, the cat had diarrhea when she ate it.
Whether the Amazon source is a fake, or the shipment was dropped by an employee, I can't say for sure.
I will buy it again and if it's still a fake, I'm going to go after the people involved with you.
It's the horizontal bar!
The Amazon picture shows a slash, but it turns out to be sent to me with a horizontal bar, isn't that a scam?
The effect is okay.
Cats like to eat, that's the point.
And it does work.
Tight, narrow, hoops the feet and rubs the instep.
Not recommended.
1.UN is the most comfortable line of clarks, unfortunately this one is so bad.
ADDITIONAL: I compared the previous UN series insoles today (shoes thrown away pads kept), the material is a lot worse than before, not as flexible, not as breathable, just fake soft.
2. I don't have a high instep, and the pinch is about 3 centimeters forward of the highest part of the instep.
3. Purchased three pairs of clarks overseas and only one pair fit.
Scared me so much I deleted all my favorites of its music.
Back to try rockport, no can only go to ecco brick and mortar.
Substandard and poor quality control
First of all, it's worth recognizing that Prime Overseas Ups is very powerful, the order placed on the 31st was received on the 6th.
The color of the shoes looks much better than the picture and the leather feels good.
Shoe size is slightly larger, 25 foot length 10.5 wide shot 7.5W, slightly loose on the foot, but usually like to wear a little loose, pad a pair of insoles just right.
Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not complimentary, one sole rubber is broken, the other vamp has all kinds of scuff marks and a pinhole, the vamp and the sole of the joint strip misalignment, obvious substandard!
Kind of regret it!
Got it for 280 bucks doing an event, that's a pretty good price for Asics, and of course there are even lower prices reading the reviews.
Now for the shoes, the pros: the shoes are very light, they are quite comfortable to run in and they fit better, they are not flimsy.
The value is great but the drawbacks are obvious: I usually wear a 40 shoe, and this time I bought a 40.5, and I got in the front of the shoe about 1 thumb away, but that doesn't really matter much.
The shoes are "narrow" and feel tight even though there is still room in the front.
One more thing, the shoes may not breathe very well, and my feet feel hot in them now.
instep (on the back of the leg)
First of all the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are very standard kind, running shoes uk7.5,eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, Amazon love step also bought a few pairs, never appeared to be out of place, but this pair of I refer to the reviews, to buy a big one uk7, on the foot because of the big one size length is obviously long, but because of the insole is too thick, or press the back of the foot pressure of the awesome, coupled with the hiking shoes are very hard, resulting in a very difficult to get on the foot.
This is not recommended if you don't have particularly skinny kind of feet.
If you must buy them, a new insole would solve the problem, but the original insoles look so premium that it's a shame not to use them.
A very perfect purchase!
Very satisfied, very much like, Amazon overseas shopping are genuine undoubtedly, the quality is also very good, inexpensive, buy the peace of mind, after-sales service is very thoughtful, customer service attitude is very kind and amiable, dealing with the problem of patience and efficiency, the perfect solution to the worries, supporting the courier delivery to the door is very convenient and stable, delivery masters are very much for the sake of the customer, each time will remind the timely pickup from the courier cabinet, thank you to Amazon to provide customers with such a comfortable shopping experience! Thanks to Amazon to provide customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
Anyway, our family loves shopping at Amazon Overseas!
Definitely bad reviews!
Really speechless about this agency and Amazon.
Still be careful about buying electronics on Amazon in the future.
It's been a long time coming, but I'm still here to spit it out.
I bought it in winter seconds for less than 200 and left it at home for months without using it.
When I want to use it in the spring, I found that I can't connect it with the bracelet, and the manuals of the two devices said that they support each other, and then I found out that it should be the problem of the heart rate belt, because I found other devices or I can't connect it.
Called Amazon and was told to contact the agent who told me to send the device to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After almost half a month, the item was sent back in its original packaging, even the delivery box was the same one I used when I sent it there!
There was no response or return receipt or test report!
You could at least tell if it's good or bad!
Called to ask about it and said that sending it back this way means the unit is fine and is good.
But how come I still can't connect, the agency replied: that's not their business.
Count me out, I'm too lazy to get tossed around by you guys for a 200 dollar item.
Seriously out of stock.
Very freighted.
The headband material is great.
Much better than nike.
Breathability is also good.
It's just that cap in the front.
Very fine.
Is it to be amusing?
No shade from the sun at all.
Not returning because it functions well as a headband.
Wearing it upwards doesn't block out the sun though.
But not like other headband styles.
Keep it.
Good quality item, lack of contractual spirit on Amazon's part, great delivery guy.
I require Saturday and Sunday delivery!
Amazon's rules don't allow for Saturday, Sunday deliveries.
It caused me, to drive 200 kilometers from out of town to come back and pick it up!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery man was very positive and enthusiastic.
Give credit where credit is due!
Merchandise, tried it briefly, not bad.
But I hadn't bought similar items before and couldn't compare prices!
Size Logistics
Workmanship can be, that is, logistics is too slow, the previous shoes and everything is DHL, this Apex is really... Domestic bought a lot of UA, the price is not low, feel engaged than NIKE ADIDAS grade?
It's really all the same alright, so seafood.
Size: I am 176CM, 68KG, my shoulders are wide general clothes are 180, buy M, hem slightly longer, other wear just right, I see that there are recommended S code, figure so slim? Or like tight? I think the hoodie or loose some good.
Just the right size.
Chest 99, height 184, weight 84 kilograms, purchased before consulting the customer service was told that you should buy xxl, and then read the reviews decisively into the L, after receiving the goods found that the size is just right, almost pitched.
Double 11 is quite a bit more expensive than Black Friday.
The quality of the dress is very good.
Z affordable merchandise issues are troublesome!
Ordered on the 18th, only received the goods on the 25th, Guangzhou to Beijing snail speed!
Bought the Z affordable item, the description advised of scratches, but upon receipt found 4 screws & nuts missing!
The child is not willing to return the product, thinking that the problem is not big, but accessories such small parts, the child's grandfather ran a few nearby hardware stores did not buy!
Grandpa glued it on at the end!
Looks like you can't buy Z affordable items in the future!
Poor quality toy processing
Most of the bolt holes don't line up and it's a struggle to get the bolts on, so you can see the poor quality of the machining, and I don't know how long you can play with it, because it's something that was promised to a child, and I won't return it.
The other reviews say the installation was no trouble, is this the only one I bought that had problems?
Very average.
Is it just my bad luck?
The packaging is old; the workmanship is mediocre; there's only one type of music and it's only 8 seconds long and then it repeats itself over and over again; and the action is just shaking your head and going straight ahead, with no variation whatsoever.
Not worth the price.
I'm in a hurry, so I won't return it.
Good quality toys, spit on the packaging
I got a delivery yesterday, bought from Amazon, labeled as EMS shipping, and ended up with a Tmall delivery, how many turns did that take? Amazon and Tmall are still on good terms?
And then say the packaging, is wrapped in plastic wrap a few layers, there is not even a packaging plastic bubble wrap inside, open a look, all the parts are placed in the empty box, fortunately, the quality of the toys is good, no broken parts, is too small than expected, because not with batteries, hand push often derailed, feel the track is too large on both sides of the gap, the design is not reasonable.
Good quality, fun
It's fun, the component precision is very high, exquisite workmanship, the quality is almost the same as Lego, and the price is very favorable when doing activities.
It was fun to put together, I did the assembly and my 5 year old son played with it, it was fine.
He played with it and laughed in amazement ~ he will probably continue to buy this brand of toys in the future.
The machine is new, the sea is good
I had a look at it at Christmas, it was 150 bucks more expensive than what I bought before, but the shipping is a little slower now.
The machines are still good, all fairly new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then a Dream will be sent if you connect the pixie ball.
Plays pretty good, better than ps4, portable.
Already bought Zelda, waiting for the game and trying it out.
Produces crappy products, sells crappy products, results in crappy service, bought six watches for my kids, one of them has an incomplete digital display of the fastest, and all six are inconsistent with the time, ranging from a dozen or so hours apart.
I contacted the manufacturer and asked them if they checked the time when the watch was put into storage. They replied that "yes", since there is, then why the time difference is so much, it must be the watch is not accurate, simply put, is the water goods products, not I say hard to hear, look, very obvious quality problems (digital display is not complete) are out to sell, is not a piece of junk goods.
I contacted the seller and the seller said a whole bunch of reasons and complained that I shouldn't have bought them in the first place. With such a product, such a seller, and such after-sales service, who would dare to buy anything on Amazon in the future.
All in all I would recommend not to buy from this seller, it's crap if you do.
Amazon Shipping Issues
Upon receiving the shipment and inspecting it, I found:
1. The table packaging is badly worn.
2. The table instructions have heavy use folds.
3, the table does not go, table lamp charging also no hair use, can not adjust the time.
4, respectively, contact Amazon customer service, can only be mailed to the United States at their own expense, after the postage.
5, 2 out of 5 because the customer service was pretty good.
I can only say it's okay.
The time is not very accurate, about a second faster each day, and after only a few months of use it's already more than two minutes faster.
I've used a Citizen before, and I feel like a year or two wouldn't be a few seconds off.
The perpetual calendar function is quite good, the chronograph function is a bit chicken ribs, basically can not be used, and occasionally will be mistakenly touched into the chronograph mode.
Solar powered sports watch
Pros: solar powered charging, no need to worry about replacing batteries, world time, multiple alarms and reminders.
Weaknesses: the mirror surface is easy to scratch and get dust.
Cost-effective: the general price in China is between 220-300, overseas purchase to more than 180 (with about 1 week).
Very satisfied with the watch
Definitely genuine, go to the counter inspection of goods, the appearance of the table is very beautiful, fine workmanship, materials enough, coupled with the imported mechanical movement, so there is a certain weight, is that those three or four hundred so-called mechanical table can not be compared to, this is the real deal.
The watch's timekeeping is very accurate, the error is completely within the acceptable range, the table's packaging has a jewelry identification certificate, the dial's 12 words there are real diamonds, this is very suitable for their own wear, as a gift to send out is also very dignified.
Bentley watches are really nice.
Worst shopping experience ever!
September 23rd night wife's phone fell, on a whim immediately came to Amazon to order a 8p, in stock but not self-supporting and did not increase the price (heart secretly happy), because not self-supporting shipping is slow, the system shows that the latest expected receipt of goods to September 27th.
Wife did not have a cell phone to use hard to die, the next morning at 6:00 am called me to think of ways, and then on the Jingdong to see the 256G in stock can be delivered on the same day, only to immediately order another one.
The new one was purchased with the idea of canceling the Amazon order right away.
As the order was placed in the middle of the night, there is no possibility of early morning to collect the courier, more than 7 o'clock to call customer service to request the cancellation of the order, customer service replied that it has been canceled please wait for the SMS notification.
Well, I'll wait patiently, to the noon on the phone to see, the order is still in the state is still in the undelivered, immediately contact customer service request to quickly cancel the order, customer service reply has been operated OK.
By 3:00 pm on the phone to see the order is still there, there is no way to only contact customer service again to clearly inform the third call has been made, please cancel the order and notify the seller to be sure not to ship!
Customer service contacted the seller on the spot at my request and told me that the seller was unfamiliar with the system and to wait until he was familiar with the system before operating to cancel the order.
But I was clearly told that the seller already knew about it and would never ship it please don't worry.
When I looked at the order display again on Monday, I was surprised that it had already been shipped.
Unable to contact the seller directly, I had to call customer service again.
The back end of the processing is simply speechless, basically, I say a step, customer service only then operate a little.
The order is still in a delivery refusal status so far and is being prepared for delivery again!
Won't Amazon take the initiative to follow down?
It doesn't matter if the seller's company collects the money and doesn't follow through anyway.
To summarize in the future will never prepay for large items, this look is too much trouble.
It looks wonderful.
I've been eyeing this camera for a long time but didn't buy it because of some other reasons besides the price, this time I bought it because I put together a package and the price was okay so I bought it.
After I bought it, nothing else is wrong, is in the software connection, how can not connect, my home is TP router, after checking the Internet found that many people have this problem, get more than two hours, a variety of changes to the router's settings, and finally I use the 360 WIFI as a medium to get it, during the period of time to Xiaomi customer service call, they do not have a solution to the problem, and directly let I contacted Amazon for after-sales service.
Another point worth noting is that I have seen user reviews online saying that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, and that smaller storage capacities are not recognized, so I hope you will pay attention to this.
It feels okay to use it, I guess, the picture is acceptable, but the sound audio quality is very poor, and the machine has a certain degree of heat, and it feels a bit unacceptable to have this degree of heat if it's on all the time.
To summarize, this product has many shortcomings and I hope you will be careful when buying it.
I'm giving it 3 stars because this was bought with the first love of my life, dated for almost 3 years and just left me last year and on and on.
I'm giving it 3 stars because this was bought with the first love of my life, and now I don't know how far I've gotten with it, so maybe I threw it away!
Dating almost 3 years, so last year left me, to the present when I think of her, I want to leave the world of heartache, the first woman in life, brought me a lifetime of shadows and heartache, so far have not been able to come out.
Buy this cell phone, think of the two then feel, or can be together with the suffering, but now it is unbearable to look back, life may be so, some people do not want to meet a lifetime, some things do not want to know a lifetime, but what can be done?
How many times I saw the Samsung this cell phone, the mind to think of her, the pain will come to fill the whole body, I have never been willing to use more than 2,000 yuan of cell phones, but buy her time, but without hesitation, to a person again, but one day when she changed her mind, all the oaths of alliance will also disappear.
The best of the national brands
Huawei is a fine example of a national product.
Low-profile bosses and enterprises, relying on technology and quality to win customers, which is very different from the current business culture of relying on advertising operations to increase awareness!
Companies without power simply can't do this and wouldn't dare to do so!
It is from this that I chose Huawei.
I've bought it and used it for over 6 months now and it feels great all the time, very good.
The reason why I didn't give it full marks is because once when I was using it for offline navigation, it became unlocated and I didn't end up figuring out why, otherwise it was fine.
And it's online input a good destination, after the search automatically design the route, after leaving the wifi departure, it automatically offline navigation function is very practical, do not have to run the flow, it directly talk to the satellite to realize the positioning and navigation, very good!
Sony is great.
This low-end machine from Sony still has a great design, and it's cheap, with a big enough screen and first-class battery life, so it's perfect for the elderly.
There's still nothing wrong with this machine, even though a lot of time has passed.
But since I devolved my Z2, this phone is done.
