This document is based on the provisions of GB/T 1.1-202 Long-term Standardization Work Guidelines, Part II: Standardization Document Structure and Drafting Rules.
This document replaces GB 18030-2005 "Information Technology" Chinese coded character set Compared with GB 18030-2005, except for structural adjustment and editorial changes, the main technical changes are as follows:
Added the applicable objects of this document (see Chapter 1),
In the double-byte coding area, the GB/I 13000 code positions corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components are changed, and 6 repetitively coded Chinese character components and 9 repetitively coded Chinese characters are removed (see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition),
18 GB/T 13000 code positions have been changed in the four-byte coding area (see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
Deleted the appendix "Additional Chinese characters and radicals/parts" See appendix 〇 of the 2005 edition,
Added implementation level" (see Clause 9);
Added an informative appendix "Table of General Normative Chinese Characters; Code Positions of Discussed Characters" See Appendix Diao.
Please note that some contents of this document may refer to patents. The issuing agency of this document assumes no responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is proposed and managed by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The release status of previous versions of this document and the documents it replaces are as follows:
1-2000 was first released as GB 18030-2000, the first revision in 2005; this time is the second revision.
GB 18030-2022
"Information Expansion" Chinese Coded Character Set
1 This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of Chinese graphic characters and even binary codes used in information technology.
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other graphic character information.
This document applies to technical products that have the information processing and exchange functions of Chinese and other text and graphic characters, including but not limited to input methods, optical character recognition (OCR), editing and proofreading, machine-integrated translation, speech synthesis, text transfer, Qiao Neng writing, etc., as well as convenience products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book reading devices, and learning machines.
2 Regulatory references
The contents of the following documents constitute the essential provisions of this document through normative references in the text.
Among them, for dated references, only the version corresponding to the date applies to this document; for undated references, the latest version (including all amendments) applies to this document.
GB/T 2312-1980 "Chinese character coded character set for information exchange" basic set
GB/I 11383-1989 "Information processing" eight-bit code structure and coding rules for information exchange
GB/Work 13000 Information Technology Universal Multi-octet Coded Character Set (UCS)
3 Terms and Definitions
The following terms and definitions apply to this document.
3.1 character character
An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3.2 coded character coded character
Characters (3.1) and their encodings are shown.
3.3 private use area
An area that can be specified by the user of a product conforming to this document.
3.4 vocabulary repertoire
A specified set of characters (3.1) represented by a coded character (3.2) set.
3.5 Reserved zone
Reserved for future areas specified in this document.
GB 18030-2022
4 vocabulary
4.1 Overview
The characters contained in this file are encoded in single-byte, double-word or four-byte.
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters from 0x00~0x7F of GB/T 11383-1989.
4.3 Double-byte part
The double-byte part includes all graphic characters in GB/T 2312-1980, CJK unified Chinese characters and some graphic characters in GB/T 13000.
The characters in the double-byte part are in accordance with the provisions in Appendix A.
Among them, the graphics, code position and function of the ideographic descriptor shall comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T 13000 is a unified code for Chinese characters used in China, Japan, Anguo, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs are assigned a separate code position; Chinese characters with different sources but the same abstract glyph are assigned a common code position.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK unified Chinese characters CCJK Unified Ideographs, where CJK means China, Japan, and Korea.
4.4 Four-byte part
The four-byte part includes 66 CJK unified Chinese characters (9FA6-9FEF, excluding the 8 characters of 9FB4~9FBB), CJK unified Chinese character extension A, and CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T 13000 other than the above-mentioned double-byte characters Expansion BCJK Unified Chinese Character Extension C, CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension DCJK Unified Chinese Character Extension, CJK Unified Chinese Character Extension F and the characters of ethnic minorities coded in GB/Work 13000.
The characters in the four-byte part are in accordance with the provisions in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure
In the text, those marked with 0x in front of the numbers are in hexadecimal notation, and those without 0x are in decimal.
All codes in the appendix are expressed in hexadecimal, and other numbers are expressed in decimal.
The single-byte part adopts the encoding structure of GB/T 11383-1989, using code points 0x00~0x7F.
The part of the double word uses two octet strings to represent a character, the code bits of the first byte are from 0x81 to 0xFE, and the code bits of the last byte are 0x40 to 0x7E and 0x80 to 0xFE respectively.
The four-byte part adopts 0x30-0x39 not used in GB/Work 11383-1989 as the suffix to expand the double-byte code, and the code range is 0x81308130-0xFE39FE39.
The coding range of the first character of the four-byte character is 0x81-0xFE; the coding range of the second character is 0x30-0x39; the coding range of the third byte is 0x81-0xFE; the coding range of the fourth character is 0x30-0x39. Namely: 0x81308130-0x81308139; 0x81308230-0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30-0x8130FE39; 0x81318130-0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c "0URo23061393 0xFE39FE30 to 0xFE39FE39.
See Figure 1 and Table 1 for the overall structure and code bit range allocation.
6 sort order of characters
6.1 Arrangement order of some characters in single character brush
Some characters of single-character notation are arranged according to the sequence of corresponding characters in GB/I 11383-1989.
6.2 Arrangement order of some characters in double characters
The sequence of characters in the lower part of the double word should comply with Appendix A.
6.3 Arrangement order of some characters of four-character brush
There are 50400 code points from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, which correspond to all characters of GB/T 13000 Basic Multilingual Plane not included in the double-byte part, and are arranged in the order of corresponding characters in GB/T 13000 Basic Multilingual Plane.
A total of 1,058,400 code bits from 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39 are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T 13000, and the characters are arranged in sequence in accordance with the corresponding code bits of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I 13000.
The sequence of characters in the four-byte part shall comply with Appendix C.
7 code point allocation
1. The code point allocation of the single character city part
The code bits of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T 11383-1989.
See Figure 2 for the allocation of single-byte code points.
2. Code point allocation of double word part
The code bit arrangement of the double-byte part is divided into two parts: 0x8140~-0xFE7E and 0x8180-0xFEFE, with a total of 23940 code bits.
See Figure 3 and Table 2 for the allocation of double-byte code points.
Total: 23940 code points
Double-byte area 1: 846 code points
SS WA and RS Shuangning Section 3 Zone 6080 code point
The first byte 0xA8~0xA9 double-byte area 5: 192 code points
3. Partial encoding space structure diagram of double-word vegetables
Table 2 Arrangement of code points in the double word smell part
Human code point range
Code point allocation of four-character brush part
The four-byte part contains Chinese characters and some minority languages.
See Table 3 for the allocation of four-byte human code points.
See 6.3 for the allocation of four-byte human code points not specified in Table 3.
Table 3 Arrangement of code points in the four-character news part
code point range
Table 3 Arrangement of code points in the four-byte part (continued)
code point range code digit character count
A total of 25200 code bits from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined areas.
Other unoccupied four-byte code points are reserved for future file extensions.
8 Description of some characters and codes
Compared with GB 18030-2005, the glyphs at some code positions and/or the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code positions have been adjusted in this document (see Appendix D).
9.1 General
This document specifies three implementation levels.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9.2 Implementation Level 1
Realize the CJK unified Chinese characters (ie 0x82358F33-0x82359636) and CJK unified Chinese character extension A (ie 0x8139EE39-0x82358738) of the single-byte coded part, double-seasonal coded part and four-character subcoded part of this document.
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements for Implementation Level 1.
Note: According to the needs of software applications, implementation level 1 can also choose to support any one or more non-Chinese characters listed in Table 3.
9.3 Implementation level 2
Implementation level 2 contains implementation level 1.
In addition, the implementation level 2 also supports the coded Chinese characters in the "General Specification Chinese Character Table" that are not included in the actual level 1.
For the code positions and glyphs of the Chinese characters received in the "General Standard Chinese Character List) in this document, see the appendix.
System software and supporting software shall meet the requirements of realization level 2.
Note: System software and supporting software include but not limited to operating system, database management system, and middleware (see GB/Work 36475 for information on software product classification).
9.4 Implementation level 3
Implementation level 3 contains implementation level 2.
In addition, the implementation level 3 also supports all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kanghe radicals in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of level 3.
Note: Government services and public service industries include but not limited to railway transportation, road transportation, water transportation, air transportation, multimodal transport and transportation agency, postal service, monetary and financial services, insurance, land, management , health, state agencies, social security, etc. (see GB/Work 4754 for industry classification information).
Appendix A (Normative)
double character table
A.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyph and code of the double-byte coded character, and also gives the corresponding GB/T 13000 code position of the character.
A.2 Explanation of the table
Examples are as follows:
The first byte and the second byte low
Double-byte area 3
The second byte high GBCT 13000 code position
Appendix B (regulatory)
ideogram descriptor
This appendix contains 13 ideographic descriptors specified in GB/TI 13000, and gives their graphics, code locations and function descriptions.
See Table B.1 for details.
Table B.1 Graphical, code location and functional descriptions of ideographic descriptors
The code points in this document are similar to but not equal to the code point function descriptions of GB/T 13000, which are used to express foreign characters by borrowing a certain word
left and right structure
upper and lower structure
left center right structure
upper middle lower structure
Fully enclosed structure
Back to the surrounding structure
Back to the surrounding structure
back right enclosing structure
Back to the lower right enclosing structure
Return to the lower left enclosing structure
Back to the upper right enclosing structure
lease structure
Appendix C (Normative)
Four-character book character table
C.1 Contents of the table
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some minority languages, and also gives the corresponding GB/TI 13000 code but the position of the characters, and the glyphs of other parts are omitted.
Explanation of Table C.2
Appendix D (informative)
Explanation of some characters and codes
D.1 Adjusted 18 GB/T 13000 code positions
B 18030-2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I 13000, and these code positions have been adjusted in this document, as shown in Table D.1.
D.1 Adjusted Code Correspondence <Continued)
This document and GB 18030-2005 correspond to the GB/T Work 13000 code point corresponding to this document
D.2 6 Chinese character components deleted in the Shuangzi Wen area
Table D.2 Code locations and reserved glyphs
D.3 9 CJK Compatible Chinese Characters Deleted in Double Word Lower Area
This document deletes the 9 CJK Lurong Chinese characters from GB/TI 13000 included in GB 18030-2005, as shown in Table D.3.
Table D.3 Deleted 9 CJK Compatible Chinese Characters and Their Code Positions
Appendices open (informative) "General Standard Chinese Character List" Code position of Chinese characters
This document contains all 8,105 standardized Chinese characters in the 4 General Standardized Chinese Character List approved and released by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. See Table 1 for their code positions and glyphs.
The arrangement order of the Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the standardized Chinese characters in the 4 General Standard Chinese Character List. The Chinese characters with serial numbers 1 to 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the Chinese characters with serial numbers 3501 to 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the Chinese characters with serial numbers 6501 to 8105 It is a third-level Chinese character.
Table E.1 The glyphs and code positions of Chinese characters in the "General Standard Chinese Character Table"
GB/Work 4754 National Economic Industry Classification
GB/Work 36475 Software Product Classification
General Standard Chinese Character List. The State Council of the People's Republic of China (Guo Fa (2013] No. 23).
The content of this man page is taken from the complete documentation of the GNU C Compiler and is limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone maintains it voluntarily, the EURo file and the Info file are authoritative.
If you find a discrepancy between the man page and the software, check the Info
If we find that the content of this manual page is outdated and causes obvious confusion and complaints, we will stop publishing it. There cannot be other options, such as updating the Info file and updating the man manual, because other maintenance work on Gnu cc is not left to We have time to do this. The GNU Project considers man pages to be obsolete and time should be spent elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, consult the Info file `gee' or the Using and Porting GNU CC (for version 2.0) (ft&/HAIZE#H GNU CC 2.0) manual. Both are from the original Texinfo file gee.texinfo.
Description (DESCRIPTION) The C and C++ compilers are integrated. They both process input files in one or more of four steps: preprocessing (preprocessing), Hii (compilation), (assembly) MERE (linking) .
The source file suffix identifies the language of the source file, but as far as the compiler is concerned, the suffix controls the default setting:
gcc considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c file, and sets the link in c format,
g++ considers the preprocessed file (.i) to be a c++ file, and sets the link in c++ form.
The post-level name of the source file indicates the language type and later operations:
.c C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.C C++ source program; preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.cc C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
. CXX C++ source program; preprocessing, compiling, assembling
.m Objective-C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly
.i preprocessed c file; compile, assemble
.ii preprocessed c++ file; compile, assemble
.s assembly language source program; assembly
Assembly language source program; preprocessing, assembly
.h Preprocessor files; files that usually do not appear on the command line with other suffix names are passed to the linker (Linker). Usually include:
.0 Object file
.a Archive file (Archive file)
Linking is always the last step unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used (or compilation errors prevent the complete process).
In the connection phase, all .e files corresponding to source programs, -1 library files, and unrecognized file names (including specified .o H standard files and .a library files) are passed to the linker in the order in the command line OPTIONS
Options must be given separately: de ' is completely different from `-d -r '.
Most `-=E : and `-W' options have two opposite forms: -fname and -fno-name (or -Wname and -Wno-name).
Only formats that are not the default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, with explanations in later sections.
Code Generation Option
Overall Option
Explicitly indicates that the language of subsequent input files is language (instead of the default selection obtained from the filename suffix).
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next `-x' option is encountered. The language optional
Turns off any explicit specification of the language, so subsequent files are processed according to the filename rearrangement RE AS E ` -x' option).
If you only operate part of the four stages (preprocessing, compiling, assembling, linking), you can use the `-x' option (or Ah after the file name) to tell geo where to start, use `~-c', `-s ' , or the `-E' option tells geo where to end. Note that some combination of options (for example, `-x cpp-output -E') {i gee MEF =c compile or assemble source files, ETER. ERA ATI By default, GCC replaces the source file name with `.o' followed by the `.ec' file name. Other names can be selected with the -o option. GCC ignores any unrecognized input after the -ec option. matter.
the target file.
Stops after compiling, no assembly is performed.
Use pipes instead of temporary files to work between different stages of the compilation process, because the assemblers on those systems cannot read from pipes. The GNU assembler does not have this problem. C "dialects" accepted by assemblers: support ANSI compliant standard C program.
This will turn off some of the feature keywords in GNU Cc that are not compatible with ANSI Cc, as well as the ANSI trigraph features such as unix and vax that are denoted as welcome and rarely used, and even if used (Annotation: Hosted environment (hosted environment) ) is available in all standard libraries, and the main function returns an int value. A typical example is almost all programs except the kernel. The corresponding independent environment (f£reestanding environment) does not exist in the standard library, and the program entry is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel. For details, refer to the latest information on the gcc website)
For function declarations without parameters, such as `int foo ();', treat them C-style---that is, do not specify the number or types of parameters. (Only for C++).
Normally, such a function foo would have an empty argument in C++.
Section listings are cut here to try to support some aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NU c manual for details, we've removed the details so that people don't HERI when the content becomes obsolete.
Except for one thing: for c++ programs (not C), the `-traditional' option has the side effect of allowing assignment to this.
It has the same effect as the `-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp Attempts to support some aspects of the traditional Cc preprocessor.
Specifically what is mentioned above about the preprocessor, but not other effects of the `-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers Allow `$' characters in identifiers (C++ only).
You can specify the `“-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly disable the `$' character.
(GNU C++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not all.)
-fenum-int-equiv Allow implicit conversion of ant types to enumeration types (MEF c++).
Normally GNU C++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal--templates Generate smaller code (c++ only) for template declarations by, for each template function, making a copy only where they are defined.
To use this option successfully, you must mark `#pragma implementatio' (definition) or `#Pragma interface' (declaration) in all files that use templates.
When a program is compiled with `-fexternal-templates ', template instantiations are all external types. You must make the required instances appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved with a typedef that references each instance needed.
Correspondingly, if compiled with the default `-fno-exteznal-templates' option, all template instances are explicitly set as built-ins.
All member functions (except constructor functions and mnew or delete member operators) are considered virtual functions of the enclosing class.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will go through the internal vtable.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; in this case, it will be called directly.
-fcond-mismatch Allow type mismatch between the second and third arguments of the condition expression.
The value of this expression is Void. -fthis--is-variable allows assignment to this (only for C++).
Incorporating user-defined free storage management into C++ makes assignable `this' anachronistic.
Therefore, by default, assignment to this inside a class member function is an invalid operation.
However, for backwards compatibility, you can enable this with the `-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char Define char as an unsigned type, like unsigned char.
Various machines have their own default char type. It may be unsigned char or signed char.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signed char or unsigned chaz when relying on the signedness of the data.
But many programs have been written to use only simple char, and expect this to be signed (or unsigned, depending on the machine the program is written for).
This option, and its inverse, make that program work on the corresponding default.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as either signed char or unsigned char, even if it behaves exactly like either.
If no `signed' or "unsigned' modifiers are explicitly specified, these options are used to define signed or unsigned bitfields.
By default, bitfields are signed, since the underlying integer types they inherit from, such as int, are signed, however, if the `-traditional' option is specified, bitfields are always unsigned.
-fwritable-strings store string constants in the writable data segment, and do not treat them specially.
This is for compatibility with older programs, who consider changing string constants to be a very bad idea. The `-traditional' option has the same effect.
executive Summary
Impact of COVID-19 on drug markets
The impact could be similar to the 2008 economic crisis
The global COVID-19 pandemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed health services to the point of collapse, and restrictions imposed by governments have caused severe disruption in the global economy.
For the drug market, the impact of the outbreak is unclear and difficult to predict, but could be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers, unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions, may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and availability may change, and governments' ability to respond may be hampered.
The shift brought about by COVID-19 is unprecedented, but there are some lessons that can be learned from previous crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began to seek out cheaper synthetic substances, and usage patterns shifted to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.
If governments responded to the current recession in the same way, interventions such as prevention of drug use and related risk behaviors and drug treatment services could be hit hard.
In addition, interdiction operations and international cooperation may be lowered in priority, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Drug trafficking is expected to be most directly affected in countries where large quantities of drugs are smuggled via commercial flights.
Couriers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in carry-on backpacks or concealed in personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. The use of commercial air travel to supply drugs could be completely disrupted as restrictions on air passenger traffic are imposed almost everywhere.
While international postal supply chains have also been disrupted, there is likely to be an increase in trafficking using the darknet and postal delivery of goods.
In the long run, the recession and associated lockdowns could disrupt the drug market.
As a result of rising unemployment and lack of opportunity, the poor and vulnerable will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, develop drug use disorders, and turn to illicit drug-related activities—whether producing or transporting them.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation by providing services to vulnerable populations and recruiting new members to bolster their ranks.
With reduced government capacity to respond, these shifts could quickly take hold as the new reality for many communities.
Expansion and Complexity
market growth
Population Growth Patterns Partially Explain Market Expansion
Drug use has been increasing around the world, both in overall figures and as a percentage of the world's population who use drugs.
In 2009 there were an estimated 210 million drug users, or 4.8% of the global population aged 15-64, while in 2018 there were an estimated 269 million drug users, or 5.3% of this population.
During the past two decades, drug use has grown much faster in developing countries than in developed countries.
This partly reflects differences in overall population growth over the period, 7 per cent in developed countries and 28 per cent in developing countries, but also reflects faster growth in young populations in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults make up the largest proportion of drug users.
During the period 2000-2018, the population of this age group in developing countries grew by 16%, while in developed countries it decreased by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets
Drug use is more common in urban areas than in rural areas, both in developed and developing countries.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to the massive movement of people from rural to urban areas - more than half of the world's population now lives in urban areas, compared to 34 per cent in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of drug markets, especially in developing countries where urbanization tends to be more pronounced.
Increased wealth is associated with increased drug use, but the burden of disease is greatest among the poorest Worldwide, drug use is more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are more strongly associated with wealthier parts of the world.
Likewise, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among wealthier segments of society.
However, the higher rates of transition to substance use disorders are among those of lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a handful of countries show a link between harmful drug use patterns and conditions and low income.
These patterns appear to be less common in wealthier social classes.
The economic constraints imposed by the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate the risks for the most vulnerable groups, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been linked in the past to increased drug use, and the pandemic has forced tens of millions of people out of work around the world.
COVID-19 may lead to further expansion of drug market Had to take risks and engage in illegal activities.
Trafficking by sea may have increased as a result of reduced air and land traffic due to COVID-19-related restrictions, where the risk of interception is low and higher volumes are smuggled than by air or land.
Recently there have been reports of shipments of cocaine direct from South America to Europe by sea.
Increased complexity
The presence of substances not under international control is stable, but new and potentially harmful opioids are on the rise The drug market is becoming more complex.
To the plant-based substances such as marijuana, cocaine and heroin, hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added, many of which are not under international control. The non-medical use of medicines is also rapidly increasing.
There are about 500 new active substances per year on the domestic market of Member States.
Most of these are currently stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small amount of opioids.
While the overall number of NPS has stabilized, the proportions have changed.
Opioid NPS accounted for only 2% of the total number of NPS identified in 2014, but by 2018 this figure had risen to 9%.
The NPS opioids, many of which are analogues of fentanyl, have proven efficacy and harm, leading to overdose deaths in North America and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere.
In North America, fentanyl is used either as a doping agent for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, or to manufacture counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
There is some evidence that injecting NPS stimulants also occurs in Europe: A study of the residues of discarded syringes in six European cities finds that many are stained with NPS that produce stimulants》
2 The use of new psychoactive substances may become firmly established in vulnerable groups
A single class of NPS almost never forms a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among socially marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported on the use of NPS in prisons, most of which identified synthetic cannabinoids as a major challenge.
Control of precursor chemicals forces drugmakers to innovate Many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors in the synthesis of drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and makers are always looking for alternatives—not just less regulated substances, but also chemicals specifically designed to circumvent them, so-called "designer precursors."
Restrictive measures aimed at halting the spread of COVID-19 are likely to further squeeze drug makers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this is already a reality: In March 2020, shortages of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia were reported to have contributed to increases in methamphetamine prices in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing rapidly
Synthetic drugs replacing opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation
The opiate market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opiates intercepted by Russian Federation authorities has fallen by about 80%, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has dropped significantly.
But the doping market seems to be thriving.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including mephedrone and a-pyrrolidinylvalerone, are now ubiquitous on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities reported a sharp rise in recent seizures of clandestine laboratories manufacturing a variety of illicit drugs, more than doubling in two years to 152 laboratories in 2018.
Methamphetamine market growth in Afghanistan and Iraq
As early as 2012, investigations of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystalline methamphetamine has become a major drug of concern alongside "captagon" and tramadol.
A 2015 study reinforced these findings, with drug users saying marijuana was more difficult to obtain than "captagon" or methamphetamine.
More recently, the Iraqi authorities have discovered methamphetamine laboratories, and the Board has expressed concern about the importation of large quantities of pseudoephedrine preparations, which are used as precursors by methamphetamine laboratories.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacture appears to have begun in 2014.
Seizures of methamphetamine have been steadily rising since then.
But seizures in the first half of 2019 totaled 657kg - a sharp jump from the previous year.
Large seizures in other countries of methamphetamine thought to have originated in Afghanistan also suggest that production in that country is rapidly rising.
Policy Changes and Trends
Jurisdictions that have legalized non-medical use of cannabis show a trend towards increased cannabis use
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized the non-medical use of cannabis.
In Colorado and Washington, two of the first U.S. states to pass legislation, non-medical use of marijuana among adults has increased, particularly in the past month and daily or near-daily use, exceeding the national average since 2012.
All indicators show that cannabis use has increased in Uruguay since 2011, with use almost doubling in the last month.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is regular and frequent cannabis use.
Short-term data from Canada also show that the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019 while usage increased.
However, 40% of cannabis users in 2019 still obtained some products from illicit sources.
Is marijuana legalization behind plummeting global marijuana herb seizures?
Global cannabis herb seizures fell to their lowest level in 20 years in 2018, as seizures fell in North America, down 84% over the past 10 years.
In contrast, seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled during the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing the marijuana market played a key role in the decline.
Regulation of NPS appears to have a deterrent effect The domestic regulation of NPS remains difficult to assess.
Some countries with different regulatory regimes for NPS show different prevalence of NPS use.
In other countries, the use of NPS has decreased following the adoption of domestic legislation.
Vulnerable populations face harm from legal and illicit drug markets Pharmaceutical opioids for pain management and palliative care are mainly available in high-income countries Pain relief is unevenly distributed across regions.
In 2018, more than 90 per cent of all pharmaceutical opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% are in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for approximately 12% of the global population.
It is estimated that low- and middle-income countries, home to 88% of the global population, consume less than 10% of pharmaceutical opioids.
Barriers to access to pharmaceutical opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing a substance use disorder Some 35.6 million people suffered from a substance use disorder in 2018.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization may increase the risk of substance use disorders and exacerbate their consequences. This is confirmed by studies in high-income countries where individuals' unfavorable socioeconomic trajectories - not just their status at a certain point in time - are also associated with drug use disorder risk.
Drug use disorders can also deepen socioeconomic disadvantage, further increasing the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thereby contributing to a vicious cycle of disadvantage. These results may also be related to stigmatizing attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and immigrants, sexually diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and people in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by substance use disorders or experience problems accessing treatment services.
The wider societal impact of harmful drug use has increased over the past 10 years, according to the disability-adjusted life-year (DALY) indicator, which estimates years of healthy life lost to disability and premature death.
Global disability-adjusted life years attributable to drug use increased by 17% between 2007 and 2018.
The increase in DALYs associated with liver cancer from untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, was particularly high – up to 40%.
The relationship between drugs and violence is intricate and difficult to establish all causal relationships between psychoactive substance use and violence.
Limited data worldwide suggest that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But alcohol appears to play a bigger role than drugs in violent incidents.
While drug use may lead to crime, in some cases this association can be attributed in part to multiple mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity resulting from personal risk, family environment, and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
Large-scale organized crime, including international drug trafficking, is likely to be carried out without violence if stable criminal structures are in place.
In the short term, the presence and extent of violence depend less on the volume of trafficking than on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power among organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of the illegal market, the death or incarceration of high-profile criminals, and enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
latest trends
Marijuana is most commonly used substance, opioids most harmful
An estimated 192 million people used cannabis in 2018, making it the most used drug globally.
In comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018.
But the harms associated with opioids have been overlooked due to the low number of users.
Substances were responsible for 66 percent of the estimated 167,000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017 and 50 percent of the 21 million years of life believed to be lost to disability or premature death from drug use. caused by substances.
Non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates public health crisis
In West, Central and North Africa, it is tramadol that is fueling the opioid crisis; in North America it is fentanyl. The two regions, which have little in common in terms of economics, demographics or general drug use patterns, are struggling to combat an opioid crisis fueled by readily available and cheaply produced substances.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has contributed to a 20-year increase in opioid overdose deaths.
In 2018, two-thirds of the 67,367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl.
Canada reported similar results, albeit with lower numbers.
Part of the reason fentanyl is responsible for overdose deaths is the unpredictable potency of fentanyl in the illicit drug market.
The market for non-medical use of tramadol has grown significantly in West, Central and North Africa.
There is an increasing number of patients receiving treatment for tramadol use disorders in the region.
The amount of tramadol intercepted globally increased significantly in 2017, peaking at more than 125 tons.
But in 2018, after India passed a new law regulating tramadol, global seizures fell to 32 tons.
Contributing to the crisis in both places is the simplicity and low cost of production, as well as the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogs or their precursors.
Compounding the crisis in both places is the fact that these substances are available in both pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making their abuse even more difficult to detect and prevent.
Doping use on the rise
The stimulant sector is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are seeing rising use in their major markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine is prevalent in North America and Western Europe.
Some 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most used ATS in South-East Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use has been increasing in both regions for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can co-exist, sometimes substituting for each other, so that use of one drug rises while the use of the other falls, sometimes both increasing and decreasing to meet demand in the same market.
COVID-19 Puts Injecting Drug Users at Higher Risk
An estimated 11.3 million people injected drugs in 2018, and about 10% of global HIV infections are attributable to injecting drug use.
More than 1 million people who inject drugs are infected with HIV and 5.5 million with hepatitis C.
Of the estimated 585,000 drug deaths in 2017, half were due to liver disease caused by hepatitis C, which remains mostly untreated among people who inject drugs.
5 Opioid shortages caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to substitute for more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs.
More harmful patterns of use may emerge as some users switch to injections or inject more frequently.
Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphones
user's Guide
product description
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it properly.
The earphones themselves are equipped with medium-sized ear sails. If you feel uncomfortable, you need to use the bottom line to integrate the small earphones.
01 wearing headphones
Insert the ear tents obliquely downwards into the ear canal gently, and move the earphones with a light swing of the head.
When talking on the phone, point the headset microphone toward your mouth for clearer calls.
Please pay attention to adjust the headset to expose the microphone when you change the call
Before charging and starting to use, please tear off the nets at the charging points of the left and right earphones, and fully charge the charging box and earphones.
Plug in the charging cable to charge both the headset and the charging case at the same time.
The charging indicator light of the charging box is not fully charged and the red light is on, and the charging indicator: 3 is off after it is fully charged.
When the earphones are charging, the red light of the earphones indicator light is always on, the earphones are fully charged, and the white light of the machine indicator light is always on for 1 minute and then goes out.
02 Charging and starting
The earphones are in the charging box, and the earphones will automatically turn on when they are taken out of the charging box.
The headset is not in the charging box and has been turned off, press and hold the multi-function button for about 1 second (the white light stays on for 1 second).
Press and hold for about 1 second
White light stays on for 1 second
shutdown
Put it in the charging box, and the headset will automatically turn off.
In the power-on state, press and hold the multi-function button for about 5 seconds (the red light stays on for 2 seconds)
A long press for about 5 seconds
People with red lights on 2 machines
03 Get started
Automatic connection: switch between the two earphones from the charging box to ten.
The two brothers will automatically level up and the white light will be on.
Then the red and white lights turn back to six. The left and right capsules are connected in series.
When the white light of the left/right earphone flashes, turn on the device and search for "RedmIArDots2" and click to complete the connection.
After the first connection, Nangzhi can automatically connect back to the last paired device (Bluetooth needs to be turned on) when it is turned on.
Notice:
If the connection fails, put the headset back into the charging case. Repeat the above action.
Press and hold for about 1 second to power on
Headphone indicator light
One ear/two ears can be switched freely; after the two earphones are successfully connected, it will be a double connection; put any earphone back into the charging box to turn off, and the other earphone will enter the single ear mode, and then take it out again to automatically restore the binaural mode.
Manual connection: When the earphones are turned off, turn on the two earphones manually. The white light is on, and then the red and white lights flash quickly, and the left and right earphones are connected in series automatically.
headset reset
If the headset cannot be connected and used normally, please refer to the following methods to reset
Earphones: Take the earphones out of the charging box. In the off state, press and hold the multi-function buttons of the two earphones for 15 seconds until the red and white lights flash alternately 3 times, then release them and put them back into the charging box (clear the earphones and the phone). continuous grant record).
04 The product accessories, user interface and other illustrations in the manual are schematic diagrams and are for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the schematic diagram, and the actual product shall prevail.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
(Xiaomi ecological chain enterprise)
Address: No. 60 Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing
Service Phone: 400-100-5678
Please refer to the sales network for relevant information about this Yan Cao: www micom
Baiming Book Notebook: V10reae
Features
The following functions can be operated on the left and right earphones. When an incoming call is lightly pressed, the call is answered; when a call or outgoing call is hung up, the audio is played/paused when the music is hung up, and the long press is about 1 second to release
When a call comes in, when you refuse to listen to the phone call, switch to the headset/mobile phone to listen to it. Double-click
During a call, enable/disable the silent mode
When in standby, turn on the voice assistant (the device needs to support the voice function and turn on the fast wake-up setting)
Answer the second incoming call and switch calls
When there is a new incoming call during a mobile phone call, click the multi-function button to hold the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multi-function button to switch between the two calls.
Basic parameters
Product Name: Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headphones
Product model: TWSEJO61LS
Basic parameters of headphones
Product size: 26.65x16.4x216mm
Battery capacity: 43mAh (single earphone)
Input parameter: 5V 2 100mA
Net weight per ear: about 4.1g
Battery Type: Lithium Ion Polymer
Battery communication distance: 10 meters (barrier-free air environment)
Wireless connectivity: Bluetooth 5.0
Charging time: about 1.5 hours HFP/A2DP/ HSP/AVRCP
Call time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611
Standby time: about 150 hours
05 Precautions
warn
1 Do not disassemble, repair or modify the headset for any reason, otherwise it may cause fire or even completely damage the product;
2 Do not place the device in an environment where the temperature is too low or too high;
3 When using the device indicator light, please keep out of the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the device during thunderstorms, thunderstorms can cause abnormal operation of the device and increase the risk of electric shock;
5 Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe the product;
6 Do not expose this product to liquids.
Notice
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 Must choose a charger that has passed the national CCC certification produced by a regular manufacturer
3 Continuous use of earphones for a long time will damage hearing, please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Using earphones will reduce the perception of external sounds. Please do not use earphones in an environment that may threaten safety.
Basic parameters of the charging box
Product size: 62x40x272mm
Input parameter: 5-500mA
Output parameter: 5V 150mA
Charging time: about 2 hours
Battery capacity: 300mAh
Battery type: Li-ion polymer battery
06 Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Description
Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset products are strictly after-sales service
According to the "Consumer Rights Protection Law of the People's Republic of China" and "Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China", the after-sales three-guarantee service is implemented, and the service content is as follows:
1. Warranty policy
1 Within 7 days from the day after you sign for the product, if the product has a performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", it will be confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and you can enjoy the return or exchange service for free;
2 Within 8 to 15 days from the day after you sign for receipt, if this product has a performance failure listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 ee E Failure Table", it will be confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and it can be repaired.
3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign for the product, if the product has a performance failure listed in the "Redmi ArDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", it will be confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center, and you can enjoy free maintenance services.
A Redmi AirDots 2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product performance breakdown table
name performance failure
1 No sound can be heard during use.
"Electric dental headset" 2 During a call, the other party cannot hear the sound.
Cannot charge.
07 Non-warranty regulations
1 Unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, neglect, small use, liquid ingress, accident, modification, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tearing, altering labels, anti-counterfeiting marks;
2 has exceeded the validity period of the three guarantees;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Conditions that do not meet the performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table"
5 Due to human reasons, this product and its accessories have performance failures listed in the "Redmi AirDots 2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table".
The name and content of harmful substances in the product
Hazardous substances are compiled in accordance with the provisions of SJ/T 11364.
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the part is below the limit requirement specified in GB/T 26572.
EU summit debates on refugee policy, EU officials: bottlenecks in the admission process-Chinanews.com
EU summit quarrels over refugee policy, EU officials: There are bottlenecks in every step of the acceptance process
[Global Times Special Correspondent Niu Ruifei in Belgium] According to Agence France-Presse’s report on February 10, at the latest EU summit that day, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration. This makes it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
According to reports, the EU's move is in response to growing concerns about illegal immigration in Europe, which is now at the heart of the EU's low number of illegal immigrants who end up being deported.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize substantial EU funding" to strengthen external borders, including through infrastructure and surveillance.
However, the EU has been at loggerheads with member states over issues such as payment for the fence.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly said that EU funds will not cover the costs.
But diplomats in some member states said if the EU shared the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along its external borders, it would free up national budgets and speed up the process.
According to the European Euractiv website, EU officials admit that there are bottlenecks in every step of the refugee admission process. "Permanent Crisis".
The European Commission estimates that the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920,000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half compared to the previous year.
Meanwhile, the European Union recorded more than 330,000 illegal entries last year.
Against that backdrop, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries could deport illegal immigrants based on a court decision in another member state.
In addition, the report said, EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of a safe state", which will open the way for the EU to develop a common list.
(Source: Global Times Author: Niu Ruifei)
The U.S. escalates its "chip war" and hits the global semiconductor industry hard-Chinanews.com
Recently, the U.S. "chip war" against China has been escalating. First, under the pressure of the U.S., the Netherlands and Japan agreed to start controlling the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China; later, foreign media reported that the U.S. government is considering cutting off All connections between U.S. suppliers and Huawei, prohibiting U.S. suppliers from supplying any products to Huawei; the Biden administration is also preparing to issue an executive order to restrict U.S. investment in the sensitive Chinese technology industry... 2023 will soon begin However, the United States has continued to make evil moves to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped cracking down on the development of China's "chips". While precisely suppressing the semiconductor production and supply chain to China, it is building a "de-Sinicization" semiconductor industry chain alliance in an attempt to completely "get rid of" the advanced semiconductor industry. China.
Whether it is to win over South Korea to establish a "technical alliance", or to establish a chip "four-party alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to establish a semiconductor industry chain through mechanisms such as the "four-party mechanism" of the United States, Japan, India and Australia, and the "Indo-Pacific Economic Framework""""" In order to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintain its position in the global chip industry Dominance.
However, the US's "core tactics" against China with great fanfare is also "injury to the enemy by one thousand and self-injury to eight hundred".
Recently, Fanlin Group, a well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, announced that due to the latest round of export ban on chip manufacturing equipment to China, the group will lay off 1,300 full-time employees, and plans to lay off 1,400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
The global lithography machine giant ASML recently warned that the ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China may lead to higher semiconductor prices.
According to US media analysis, after the US government imposed brutal suppression on China's chip and semiconductor industries, many US companies have suffered greatly, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, and chip manufacturers themselves. wait.
The so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry by the United States has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, and a closely linked global semiconductor industry chain has long been formed.
According to estimates by professionals, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross the borders of various countries more than 70 times, and the whole process takes 100 days.
Although the US semiconductor industry has a strong foundation, it is relatively weak in manufacturing capabilities, especially in advanced manufacturing processes, and relies heavily on East Asia.
Even if the United States tries its best to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the regional development of the "small circle" led by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of the global semiconductor-related industries are difficult to change.
The United States has vigorously "reshaped" and "de-Sinicized" the semiconductor industry chain, severely damaging the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry is inseparable from the participation of all countries in the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, successively promulgating the "Innovation and Competition Act", "American Competition Act of 2022", "Chips and Science Act", using technological hegemony to consolidate its leading edge in technology; It forced Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other chip manufacturers to set up factories in the United States, trying to ensure the United States' global leadership in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed caused troubles for the development of China's chip industry and related industries, and has reaped real benefits.
But in the long run, the hysterical suppression by the United States has forced China's chip industry to make continuous breakthroughs, depriving itself of the huge Chinese market, which will eventually greatly weaken the innovation willingness and ability of American technology companies and damage the development of the global chip industry.
Gaucho
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products can only be held for 360 days at the shortest time-Chinanews.com
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products went on sale
7 products from home institutions can be selected for a minimum of 360 days
Personal pension wealth management products are finally launched.
On February 10, China Finance Network released the list of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products. Seven personal pension wealth management products from ICBC Wealth Management, Agricultural Bank Wealth Management and China Post Wealth Management were officially launched.
So far, the "shelves" of personal pension accounts have finally collected four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public funds.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension wealth management products are all open-ended public offering net worth products, including 5 new products and 2 existing products. Except for 1 product that is a mixed product, the remaining 6 products are fixed income products.
The Beijing Youth Daily reporter saw that 4 of the 5 new products came from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed-income products. The minimum holding periods were 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days. The corresponding performance comparison The benchmarks (annualized) are 3.70%-4.20%, 4.10%-4.60%, 4.40%-4.90%, 5.25%-5.75%.
The remaining one newly released product is "Post Bank Fortune Tianyi · Hongjin Shortest Holding 1095 Days No. 1", which is also a fixed-income product. The fundraising started on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is Level 2 .
Among the two surviving products, one is the ABC Wealth Management "ABC Tongxin Smart" 360-day technological innovation RMB wealth management product, the investment nature is mixed, and the risk level is three.
Another surviving product is "Post Bank Fortune Tianyi · Hongjin No. 1 with the shortest holding period of 365 days", which is a fixed-income type. It started raising on December 30 last year and officially started operation on January 4 this year. Equity is 1.0011.
According to the "Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pensions", the financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund accounts include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public funds, etc.
The launch of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products marks that individual pension investors can officially purchase wealth management products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the "Interim Measures for the Administration of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies".
The "Measures" stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension savings, personal pension wealth management products, personal pension insurance products, personal pension public offering fund products and other personal pension products through their personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance, and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice specifying that the personal pension system will be implemented in 36 leading cities and regions including Beijing, Tianjin, Shijiazhuang in Hebei, Xiongan New District, and Jincheng in Shanxi.
By the end of 2022, the number of individual pension participants will be 19.54 million, the number of contributors will be 6.13 million, and the total payment amount will be 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot had only listed three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension public offering funds.
Now that personal pension and wealth management products are also available, how should investors choose?
Experts from the R&D Department of Bank of Communications Financial Products said that compared with other personal pension products, the pension financial products in the pilot phase and personal pension financial products have three characteristics.
The first is robustness. The risk management mechanism is more complete, the investment strategy and philosophy are more stable, and the third-party independent custody of the non-parent bank is implemented.
The second is long-term. The term of the pension wealth management products in the pilot phase is 5 years or more. The personal pension wealth management products to be issued in the next step have a minimum holding period of 1 year in principle, and are encouraged to hold more than 3 years.
The third is inclusiveness. The product purchase threshold is low. The minimum purchase point is generally 1 yuan, and some are as low as 0.01 yuan. The product custody fee, management fee and other rates are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should make choices based on product characteristics and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of long term, high interest rate, and high security, which are suitable for people with weak risk tolerance; personal pension insurance products focus on protection, and are more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks but can accept stable returns; However, personal pension wealth management products and public offering fund products do not guarantee capital or income, and have certain investment risks, but the expected returns are relatively high, and they are suitable for people with certain financial knowledge and high risk-taking ability.
Text/Reporter Cheng Jie Coordinator/Chi Haibo
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust-Chinanews.com
Another large gym "thunderstorm"?
Recently, the well-known fitness organization Zhongjian Fitness members' rights protection issues have attracted social attention.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally. Later, rumors about the organization’s closure and escape caused panic among members, which led to the intervention of the public security and human resources and social security departments.
In the end, the relevant person in charge of the organization came forward to respond, promising to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the turmoil subsided.
Some stores of individual fitness institutions have business problems and are temporarily closed. Consumers can calmly wait for the problem to be resolved. Why do many members' first reaction is "something is not good"?
Behind the turmoil of fitness club members' rights protection is the deep-seated problem of the industry's trust crisis.
Traditional domestic gyms generally adopt a prepaid model, and "earning money that users can't come" is the underlying logic of their development.
Obtaining cash flow through the pre-sale of membership cards, and constantly opening new stores, seems to be able to repeat itself, but in fact, it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative information about industries such as running in the gym frequently spreads, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the perspective of market prospects, gyms can of course be regarded as a good business with "money prospects".
Although the fitness track has ups and downs, it has always attracted the attention of capital.
A number of data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption and other fields continues to rise, and the market continues to pick up.
Specific to the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the concept of healthy living deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, the fitness industry has great potential for development.
The better the situation is, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, some institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption. Just after coming out of the crisis, they sounded the clarion call to expand the territory and invested all the financing funds into the construction of new stores.
It is undeniable that due to the impact of the epidemic in the past few years, many institutions have withdrawn and the industry has been reshuffled. At this time, powerful companies are selectively increasing their acquisitions and reorganizing their layout. This may not be a new opportunity.
However, if the development of the fitness market wants to enter a virtuous circle and take a steady and long-term path, the industry must change the traditional model and change its business strategy.
Only by working steadily and re-establishing the trust and sense of security of consumers can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared with building new stores to seize the market, what the fitness industry needs now is to settle down to optimize services and stabilize users with high-quality development.
First of all, it is necessary to rely on services to retain users.
Gyms belong to the service industry, and its essence is to adhere to the "user orientation", closely focus on user needs, and focus on improving service quality and upgrading.
Second, rely on digital transformation to improve user experience.
For example, the current popular Internet gym model enables users to pay per view and choose venues on their own.
At the same time, body data and sports data can be effectively used to meet social needs and realize a complete closed-loop service from online to offline.
There is no personal training promotion, no huge annual card, users are less worried about "running away" from fitness institutions, and their sense of trust is also improved.
In addition, we must actively explore diversified business formats.
Today, sports consumption has shifted from a single service to scene consumption. Fitness clubs are expected to become a new entry point for consumption. Peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment for fitness may become new profit points, providing consumers with more choices.
Jiang Tianjiao
Buy expensive refund price difference!
Nanjing property market reappears "payment for price difference"-Chinanews.com
Yangzi Evening News (Reporter Ma Zuobo) Yangzi Evening News/Ziniu News reporter found in an interview on the 10th that the "price protection agreement" that had not been seen for more than ten years has returned to the Nanjing property market. Before the house is handed over, the discount of other housing sources is greater than the previous discount. The developer is willing to change the house for the buyer and refund the difference.
There are many conditions for the "guaranteed price agreement"
This real estate located in Jiangbei New District is called Poly Yangzi Cuiyun Terrace. Mr. Sun, the viewer, told reporters that he found a "statement" when he was shopping for real estate last weekend.
The picture he sent to the reporter shows that the developer of the real estate promises that anyone who purchases a house between February 1 and February 28 will start from the date when the two parties sign the sales contract until the delivery of the corresponding house. If the preferential discount of other houses is greater than the discount enjoyed by the previous house purchase (limited to other unsold commercial houses of the same type, same building, same unit, and same property type as the commercial house), the developer can change the house for the buyer and refund the difference .
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually a "price protection agreement", the purpose is to let buyers feel at ease and don't have to worry about the price reduction of the development company. Time, if you don't make trouble, it's really sweet.
There are still many house buyers who believe that although the "price protection agreement" is to give house buyers "reassurance", the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who intends to buy a new house in Jiangbei, said that the price-insured house must first be of the same type, in the same building, and in the same unit. There are very few houses that buyers can compare prices, so the "threshold" is still quite high.
There are also buyers who believe that due to information asymmetry, it is not ruled out that additional concessions will be given during the sale, and it is not easy for buyers to "protect their rights".
Whether it can keep buyers remains to be seen
The reporter inquired on the real estate online in Nanjing and learned that the real estate sold a total of 252 suites in two buildings in November last year. The price is 39843 yuan/m2.
However, more than two months later, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in this building is 157, accounting for 62.3%. There are also 44 unsold sets, and the total number of transactions of the project is only 33 sets, accounting for only 13%.
According to market sources, the "guaranteed price agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, Hengtang Xiyuan, a real estate project on Huangshan Road in Hexi, launched the "Price Guarantee Plan" in order to attract the attention of house buyers. Return the difference to the old owner."
Afterwards, in April 2011, 9 real estate properties in Nanjing took out part of their listings and promised to "compensate for the price difference".
"The property market is picking up, and at this time we need a shot of 'heart booster'.
"Mr. Shen, a senior trader in the Nanjing real estate industry, said that the "price protection agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of real estate companies.
He believes that development companies need more confidence than house buyers nowadays, and the launch of the "price protection agreement" is actually to encourage them.
As for whether the buyers can be retained, he said that it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds, and it remains to be seen at present.
Taiwan's economy performed poorly in the beginning of the year due to a number of data recessions-Chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11th (Reporters Zhao Bo and Huang Yang) The export trade volume is "five blacks in a row", the manufacturing purchasing managers index (PMI) has shrunk for seven consecutive months, and the consumer price index (CPI) has seen " 3 prefix"...Recently, the Taiwan authorities have successively released economic data for January 2023.
According to expert analysis, Taiwan's economy performed poorly at the beginning of the year, and the growth pressure is not small.
According to the financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan's exports in January this year were 31.51 billion US dollars, an annual decrease of 21.2%, and it was the fifth consecutive month of negative growth.
Compared with the same period last year, the export value of 11 major export categories all declined.
Plastic rubber and its products, optical equipment fell the most, with an annual decrease of 37.6% and 35.7% respectively.
Exports of electronic components and components fell by 20.1% year-on-year, the largest drop in 11 years.
Among them, integrated circuits decreased by 18.3% year-on-year, the largest decline in 14 years.
Cai Meina, head of the statistics department of the department, said that this shows that the weak demand effect of the consumer electronics industry has spread, and the electronics industry has entered a correction period.
Statistics show that Taiwan's imports and exports both fell in January, and the excess amount was only US$2.34 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities believes that the decline in global end-use demand and the adjustment of industrial inventories have restrained manufacturers' willingness to purchase materials. The decline in exports will hardly improve in the short term. Taiwan's export decline in the first quarter of this year may be higher than expected.
According to Taiwan's Chung Hwa Economic Research Institute, Taiwan's Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) in January this year was 40.4% after seasonal adjustment, down 3.3 percentage points from December last year, and contracted for seven consecutive months.
In the economic monitoring index system, PMI takes 50% as the line of prosperity and decline, and an index greater than 50% means that the economy is expanding, and vice versa is contraction.
Among the five components of Taiwan’s PMI in January, new orders, production and manpower employment tightened, suppliers’ delivery times decreased, and inventories tightened.
The six major industries all reported PMI contraction, and the industries were ranked according to the speed of contraction as electric power and mechanical equipment industry (35.1%), electronics and optical industry (35.2%), chemical and biotechnology medical industry (39.2%), basic raw material industry ( 42.4%), transportation industry ( 42.6%) and food and textile industry (45.7%).
In terms of prices, Taiwan's "General Office of Accounting and Accounting" announced that in January this year, the annual growth rate of Taiwan's CPI was 3.04%, breaking through 3% again since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared 28.25%, hitting a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, a special committee member of Taiwan's "General Office of Accounting and Accounting", said frankly that the increase in vegetable prices has indeed exceeded expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2.71% in December last year. Inflationary pressure still exists and is still high. point.
Looking forward to Taiwan's economy this year, experts expressed pessimism based on the reports of Taiwan's media such as "United Daily News" and "Yahoo Finance".
Wu Daren, a professor of economics at Taiwan's "Central University", analyzed that the decline in exports may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturing companies and increase the risk of debt default.
At the same time, the reduction in orders leads manufacturers to cut labor costs, which affects the labor market and the household economy, which in turn impacts consumption capacity.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Institute of Economic Research, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and the United States is still unresolved this year, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that the decline in Taiwan's exports will continue into the first half of the year.
Since Taiwan's economy is supported by exports, affected by the sluggish exports, the annual economic growth performance will not be as good as last year.
"An important engine for global recovery" - Chinanews.com
"In response to the impact of the new crown epidemic, the Chinese economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
"Julio Rios, a well-known Spanish expert on China and honorary consultant of China Policy Observation Network, said in an interview with our reporter that the current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
Rios said that in the face of various shocks beyond expectations, China responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, which fully demonstrated its economic resilience and management level.
While China is unswervingly expanding its opening up to the outside world, the endogenous driving force of economic development has been continuously strengthened, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have developed in concert.
Every year, China's National Two Sessions are held. Representatives and committee members discuss national development plans and hot issues of people's livelihood. They gather consensus, people's hearts, and wisdom to add strength to China's development.
"Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term rapid development and is now entering a stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to Chinese wisdom and Chinese solutions, and expects that China's development will bring new opportunities to the world.
"Rios said that China is currently making every effort to promote technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development. "Fund investment, talent training, and policy incentives will make China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
In Rios' view, economic reform is a daunting task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China not only leverages the strengths of the market economy, but also leverages the superiority of the socialist system, and takes proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Focusing on the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, increase financial support for the real economy, support the development of private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, adhere to innovative development, promote employment, improve the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meet the multi-level and diversified consumption needs of the people ...China’s complete, accurate and comprehensive implementation of the new development concept, efforts to promote high-quality development, and the establishment of a new development pattern will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" initiative.
"Economic stabilization and recovery after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
"Rios said that he looks forward to the joint construction of the "Belt and Road" cooperation to continue to play its important role in improving the level of infrastructure in various countries and strengthening connectivity in various fields, and to continue to release greater momentum.
(Madrid, our newspaper)
(People's Daily reporter Yan Huan)
Report: The number of international students returning to China for job hunting in 2022 will reach a new high-Chinanews.com
The top 10 overseas students returning to China for job hunting in 2022 Source: "2022 Chinese Returnee Employment Survey Report"
Chinanews.com, Beijing, February 11th (Men Rui) recently released the "2022 Chinese Returnees Employment Survey Report" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report"), which shows that the number of international students in 2022 will increase by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to China for job hunting will hit a new high , Chinese enterprises' demand for overseas talents is also on the rise.
The report pointed out that since 2020, the number of returnees seeking jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of fresh graduates returning to China to seek jobs has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of international students graduating in 2022 will increase by 8.6% year-on-year, and the number of international students returning to China for job hunting will hit a new high.
From the perspective of the distribution of overseas students returning to China for job hunting, the United Kingdom has the highest proportion, 41.4%, followed by Australia (20.3%) and the United States (9%), ranking the same as in 2021.
Judging from the year-on-year growth rate, the number of fresh international students from Malaysia, Japan, and Singapore will increase significantly year-on-year in 2022, with growth rates of 66.1%, 50.9%, and 37.7% respectively.
The number of fresh international students from Canada, Germany, the United States, and Australia decreased year-on-year.
The first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the supply and demand trend of overseas returnees. Source: "2022 Chinese Returnee Employment Survey Report"
According to the survey, 58% of international students who decide to return to China think that “domestic life is more convenient”, 40% decide to return to China because they “more agree with the domestic cultural environment”, 32% think that “domestic employment opportunities are more”, and 22% think that domestic economic activities will speed up the recovery and get more job opportunities.
The data shows that the current demand for overseas talents by domestic enterprises is rapidly released, and the demand for overseas returnees is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees seeking jobs in China both showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of priority positions for returnees increased by 11% compared with January 28, and the number of returnees seeking jobs increased by 27%.
From the perspective of industry, among the priority positions for returnees in 2022, the number of positions from the education/training industry accounted for 27.8%, ranking first, and the professional service/consulting and Internet/e-commerce industries ranked second with 14.3% and 11.1% respectively. three.
The source of the change in the number of returnees seeking jobs in China in recent years: "2022 Survey Report on Employment of Returnees in China"
In terms of salary, the average recruitment salary for returnee priority positions has been rising for three consecutive years, reaching 14,680 yuan/month (RMB, the same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan or 7% from 13,719 yuan/month in 2021.
In terms of regions, in 2022, the willingness of returnees to go to the new first-tier cities, second-tier cities, and third-tier cities and below will all increase. The delivery ratios in 2022 will be 31%, 15.7% and 14.3%, respectively, which are higher than those in 2021. delivery ratio.
Regarding the harvest of studying abroad, 52.7% of the returnees said that they basically met expectations, an increase of 2.8 percentage points compared with the previous year (49.9%).
28.2% of the returnees said it was higher or much higher than expected, which is also higher than the 25.4% in 2021.
(over)
Save half the cost or more?
Henan province standardizes and integrates dental implant medical service prices-Chinanews.com
CCTV News: Dental implants are the ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but for a long time, the price of tens of thousands of dollars per piece has discouraged many patients.
Since the beginning of this year, with the acceleration of centralized procurement of dental implants, price reductions for dental implants have also been put on the agenda in various places.
From February 10th, the whole-process regulatory target for the price of a single conventional dental implant medical service in Henan Province is 4,300 yuan, and the cost of the whole process of a single conventional dental implant is not higher than 97% of the regulatory target.
Dental implant refers to a method of restoring missing teeth based on the underlying structure implanted in bone tissue to support and retain the upper tooth restoration.
The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that taking a single conventional planting as an example, the price from planting to final restoration is about 16,000 to 7,000 yuan.
Patient He Ying: After the new policy, the doctor told me that in my case, the cost is almost more than 8,000 yuan, which is less than 10,000 yuan, which can basically save half.
On the basis of the current project, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 dental implant medical service price items such as "implant implantation fee (single)", and uniformly formulated the price of provincial public medical institutions and medical insurance payment categories, canceling or Adjusted 20 medical service price items such as dental implant implantation.
Li Yunjie, Director of Medicine Price and Tendering and Purchasing Department of Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau: The main beneficiaries are the Quartet, one is medical insurance, the expenditure of medical insurance is reduced; the hospital's occupation is less, and the number of patients will increase appropriately; A market; for our patients, it is the party that benefits the most, and the cost of a tooth implant may be halved or even more.
Shenzhen: Building the No. 1 domestic and world-leading speed pioneer city-Chinanews.com
Chinanews.com, February 11. According to the news from the "Shenzhen Gongxin" WeChat public account on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen Speedy Pioneer City Construction Action Plan".
Among them, it is proposed that by the end of 2023, a high-speed, large-capacity, and low-latency ultra-broadband network will be built to achieve the goal of "dual gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and the Internet of Everything" network construction, and create the first in China and the world's leading Speed pioneer city.
The "Plan" proposes to accelerate the upgrade of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10G PON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks (industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The "Plan" requires that the energy efficiency of 5G networks be comprehensively improved.
Research and formulate Shenzhen 5G network service quality norms and standards, carry out 5G network test and evaluation, and improve 5G network service quality.
Support basic telecommunications companies to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, add 10,000 5G base stations throughout the year, the city's average download rate reaches 500Mbps, and the uplink rate reaches 100Mbps, and the download rate in key areas reaches 1000Mbps, and the uplink rate reaches 200Mbps. The network speed and user experience have been greatly improved.
Create a city-level high-quality wireless LAN.
Formulate wireless local area network (WLAN) service specifications in public places, promote WLAN upgrades in areas with dense population and concentrated information consumption demand in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Relying on "Sheni Network" to build a unified certification and supervision platform for public wireless LANs in the city, realize "one-time certification, senseless roaming, and intelligent switching", and support operators to include social self-built APs (wireless access points) with public service capabilities into certification Regulatory platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APs will be no less than 20,000.
In addition, the "Plan" also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical transport network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve Internet application service capabilities.
The "Plan" clearly states that collaboratively build an IoT sensing system.
Explore the construction and management model of urban sensing terminals based on the "open source Hongmeng" operating system, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT sensing platforms, and promote the interconnection of urban IoT platforms and professional IoT platforms in various fields. .
Deepen the application of Internet of Things perception in urban management, people's livelihood services, public safety, transportation and travel, and expand fixed perception of urban roads, buildings, public facilities, and mobile perception collection channels such as intelligent networked vehicles.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity, and IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multifunctional smart pole application demonstration projects will be created.
The "Plan" also mentions strengthening the integrated application of satellite and ground communications, laying out the construction of low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting the deep coverage of 5G networks at sea.
At the same time, promote the deep coverage of the 5G network at sea, build an industrial innovation and development ecology, and support the holding of top events and activities.
(China New Finance and Economics)
"New variables" have emerged in China's e-commerce industry. How to bring goods to "content is king"?
- Chinanews.com
Chinanews.com's February 11 question: "New variables" have emerged in China's e-commerce industry. How to bring goods to "content is king"?
China-Singapore Finance and Economics reporter Xia Bin
"We entered e-commerce late, but we realized from the very beginning that content is very important to stand out from thousands of stores.
"Fang Fang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, now runs a nourishing ingredients store on Douyin e-commerce, making an offline store with a history of more than 30 years "blossom" online.
Imitating the tone of old Hong Kong movies, accompanied by classic Cantonese songs, open the account of @芳芳一人食 Douyin, the exquisite video is refreshing.
At the recently held Douyin e-commerce "Looking for Companions·High-quality Content Sharing Session", Fang Fang, as a representative of high-quality creators, spoke at the scene and introduced her daily creative experience and experience.
She said at the scene: "The meticulously polished video has gained the attention of many netizens. Many people are interested in my food ingredients and want to cook food together. The sales immediately opened up.
"
Fangfang made more people fall in love with the "Taste of Lao Guang" by making soup videos. She sold up to 300,000 pieces of nourishing ingredients in one live broadcast, saving her family's old store that was on the verge of bankruptcy.
"No content, no e-commerce", with the continuous development of short video and live broadcast e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of the development of live streaming, live broadcast rooms often used low-price discounts to attract users, and the price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there have been phenomenon-level big Vs such as Liu Genghong and Dongfang Selection, as well as many unknown talents and merchants in the vertical segment. They continue to create high-quality content that matches their own brand tonality, and improve the long-term business benefits.
According to Gao Yaxuan, head of Douyin e-commerce star author operations, 6.27 million creators have monetized content through Douyin e-commerce in the past year. Their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and their total turnover has more than doubled.
"Behind these figures, we can feel a thriving and vigorous author ecology.
"Gao Yaxuan said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experiment Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "E-commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index (ECHI) Report", which analyzed the "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry from the data dimension - the importance of high-quality content, and used The index evaluates the content ecology of 27 domestic mainstream e-commerce platforms.
According to the ranking of the content ecological health index of the e-commerce industry in the above report, Douyin E-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com rank in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept that integrates e-commerce and content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC (professional production content) and UGC (user-generated content) can It is a high-quality carrier for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the more abundant the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce implantation, and the stronger the commercial value. The proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption will be higher as the domain and private domains are gradually integrated and distributed.
At the scene, Yu Guoming, a professor at the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, made an analysis and interpretation of the "Report".
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumption accessibility" to "consumption quality", and high-quality, professional, and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and starting point of the new stage of e-commerce development, and PGC content such as knowledge payment, professional knowledge, and KOL (Key Opinion Leader) has begun to become standard in e-commerce live broadcasts.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content from the perspective of content structure improvement, create positive content creation and management standards, and realize the index and dynamic balance of the e-commerce industry content ecological health system.
The other is from the perspective of external ecology, it is necessary to realize the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment.
"In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more data and artificial intelligence support to form a prediction on the stability of future development; in addition, it will provide businesses with a more standardized and healthy growth space, and realize the integration of enterprises, users, and products in the e-commerce industry. Collaborate with the value of services to create a healthy content ecosystem.
"(over)
Margin trading and securities lending business of Beijing Stock Exchange will start next week-Chinanews.com
News from our newspaper (Reporter Sun Jie) Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange announced that, with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Stock Exchange’s margin financing and securities lending business will be officially launched on February 13. Securities companies with trading authority can accept the entrustment of investors to declare margin trading and securities lending transactions to CBEX.
The list of the first batch of 56 stocks subject to margin financing and securities lending will be determined with January 31, 2023 as the calculation base date.
The CBEX stated that the list of stocks subject to margin financing and securities lending and the list of securities that can be used as margin will be published through the "Information Disclosure-Margin and Securities Lending Information" column of the CBEX's official website, which is convenient for investors to inquire.
Margin financing and securities lending is an important basic system in the securities market, and it is also a relatively mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of announcing the first anniversary of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on the margin financing and securities lending business.
The launch of the CBEX's margin trading and securities lending transaction is an important measure to continue to promote the construction of the CBEX's market system, improve the trading mechanism, and enhance the pricing function of the secondary market.
The margin financing and securities lending system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting investors' diverse trading needs, promoting market price discovery, and further enhancing market liquidity.
In the next step, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the CBEX will continue to do a good job in various guarantees for the margin financing and securities lending business, enrich the trading system tools based on investor needs, improve relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to create innovative services for small and medium-sized enterprises leading exchange.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Held in Beijing He Lifeng Attended the Main Forum and Delivered a Keynote Speech-Chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th. On February 11th, the 16th China-Japan Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Comprehensive Forum was held in Beijing in a combination of online and offline.
He Lifeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and chairman of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in Bangkok, and to strengthen China-Japan green development cooperation.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of the development model, further promote the prevention and control of environmental pollution, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon neutrality at the peak of carbon emissions, and coordinate the promotion of carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion, and growth. , promote ecological priority, conservation and intensive, green and low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue to deepen cooperation in green and low-carbon industries, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and people-to-people and cultural exchanges, so as to push the green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasutoshi Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum is jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan, and the Japan-China Economic Association. It includes the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, vehicle electrification and intelligence, hydrogen energy, and China-Japan long-term trade.
Representatives from Chinese and Japanese governments, enterprises and institutions conducted exchanges.
The Chinese rescue team continues to carry out rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people-Chinanews.com
China News Service, February 11. According to news from the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on the 11th, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team that was searching and rescuing Turkey sent 3 action teams and 45 rescuers to rescue one trapped person.
At the same time, two search and assessment teams were dispatched to conduct assessment and investigation of 15 buildings on Vodarbash Street.
Up to now, a total of 4 trapped people have been rescued, 5 victims have been searched, and life signs and risk assessments have been carried out on 25 severely collapsed buildings.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation in the disaster area and the rescue site, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work.
The rescue team obtained rescue and help information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verified them one by one through online inquiries and on-site searches.
Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapses to the Hong Kong rescue team, and jointly carry out search operations.
At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination (SSC5) with the Italian rescue team, and at the same time, three team members are dispatched to participate in the work of the No. 5 regional rescue coordination center, and communicate with multiple teams in Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman, etc., and understand the United Nations rescue organization and Rescue teams from all over the world.
The rescue team continued to strengthen safety management and team support, and in accordance with the principle of "unified command, safety first", strengthened safety management and control at the rescue site, strengthened discipline requirements for rescue work, and clarified safety precautions.
Continue to operate the shifting standby and sentry work system, and strengthen the safety management of the camp.
The medical personnel of the rescue team provide medical examination services for the team members every day, and strengthen the medical security of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health and are carrying out the disinfecting of the camp.
After the establishment of the self-camp, the logistics support team built a total of 26 field tents in four categories including command communication, equipment storage, medical decontamination, living accommodation and kennels, and provided more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.
Commentator of Xinhua News Agency: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project——Four Discussions to deeply understand General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China-Chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 11th: Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project——Four Discussions to deeply understand General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China
Xinhua commentator
"Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project that requires overall planning, systematic planning, and overall promotion, and correctly handles top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and tactics, integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-improvement and opening up to the outside world. and other important relationships.
"At the opening ceremony of the seminar on the study and implementation of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China for members, alternate members, and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels of the Central Committee, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization , in-depth and systematic elucidation of a series of major relationships that need to be dealt with in practice, and provides a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, and ecological civilization. It is related to all aspects of governance of the party, state, military, internal affairs, foreign affairs, and national defense.
To carry out top-level design, it is necessary to have a deep insight into the general trend of world development, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, and deeply explore the laws of economic and social development, so that the formulated planning and policy system can reflect the times, grasp the regularity, and be full of creativity. Up and down through, content coordination.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are still many unknown areas, which need to be boldly explored in practice and promote the development of the cause through reform and innovation.
Strategic issues are the fundamental issues of a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to enhance the forward-looking nature of the strategy, foresee and lead the future with a scientific strategy; it is necessary to enhance the overall nature of the strategy, focusing on solving major issues that have a bearing on the success or failure of the cause of the party and the country, and affect the whole body. ; To enhance the stability of the strategy, once the strategy is formed, it must be adhered to for a long time, grasped to the end, and done well.
It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical and unified relationship between strategy and tactics, organically combine the principle of strategy with the flexibility of tactics, be flexible, adapt to the situation, and make decisions on the fly, and grasp the strategic initiative in adapting measures to local conditions, moving in accordance with the situation, and following the trend.
The Chinese nation is a nation of integrity and innovation.
To properly handle the relationship between integrity and innovation, we must not only keep the foundation and source, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements, and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, and ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also We must put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the development requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize changes and adapt to changes, vigorously promote reform and innovation, constantly shape new development momentum and advantages, and fully stimulate the whole society. Create vitality.
Efficiency is an important basis for fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee for efficiency.
When we promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also more effectively maintain social fairness, and better realize the balance, promotion and unity of efficiency and fairness.
Properly handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, continuously realize development for the people, development by the people, and development fruits shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization can benefit all the people more and more equitably.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to properly handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that the society is full of vitality and stable and orderly.
It is necessary to coordinate the two major issues of development and security, implement the overall national security concept, improve the national security system, enhance the ability to maintain national security, and resolutely safeguard the security of the state regime, system, ideology, and security in key areas.
It not only considers security factors more in development, enhances national security strength through development, and uses development achievements to consolidate the foundation of national security, but also is good at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, constantly stimulating development vitality, and achieving high-quality development and high-quality development. Benign interaction with horizontal security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only stick to our own path, but also expand our global vision, persist in opening up to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must adhere to independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, insist on putting the development of the country and the nation on the basis of our own strength, and insist on firmly grasping the destiny of our country's development and progress in our own hands.
It is necessary to continuously expand high-level opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in the global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, share development opportunities in mutual benefit and win-win, and create a better future together.
Only by following the path can we go far.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, and under the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, grasp the law, practice earnestly, give full play to enthusiasm, initiative, and creativity, and correctly handle a series of major issues On the new journey of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way, we will work hard and continue to open up a new realm of Chinese-style modernization.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) The Biden administration on Friday (February 10) blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of being involved in the spy balloon program.
The Commerce Department said the five Chinese companies and one research institute helped modernize China's military, particularly aerospace programs, including airships and aircraft.
Blacklisted companies have difficulty accessing U.S. technology exports.
Known as the "entity list," companies on the list will not be able to buy technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
The blacklisted companies are: Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., China Electronics Technology Group 48th Research Institute, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Eagle Gate Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd., and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Before that, the White House said it was considering broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger surveillance activities that threaten US national security.
The balloon incident sparked further tensions between China and the United States, with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken canceling a visit to China.
The US shot down the balloon on February 4, and the Chinese government lodged stern representations with the US embassy in China, criticizing the US for seriously impacting and damaging both sides' efforts and process of stabilizing Sino-US relations.
From the evidence of the existing wreckage and information from the Chinese military's procurement platform, the US government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon "has a direct relationship with the Chinese People's Liberation Army" and is an approved supplier by the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a press conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and clarified its position regarding the accident that a Chinese unmanned civil airship strayed into the U.S. airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the US Congress are purely political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied and firmly opposed to this.
"Today's action demonstrates our concerted efforts to identify and deter China's use of spy balloons that violate U.S. and 40 The airspace of several countries.
"
An employee of Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co Ltd said it had no knowledge of the sanctions and declined further comment, Reuters reported.
The Chinese embassy in the United States has not yet commented on the information.
(Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Statement: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any wrongdoing will result in recovery and be subject to criminal prosecution.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese website) Several days have passed since the earthquake hit parts of Turkey and Syria, and the hope of finding survivors is becoming increasingly slim. However, the rescue of a family of five on Saturday has made search and rescue personnel extremely gratified.
The family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days in the hard-hit town of Nurday in Gaziantep province, the Associated Press reported.
Rescuers first pulled the mother and daughter from a pile of rubble, and then found the father, but he insisted on saving his son and another daughter first.
When they were all rescued, cheers erupted from the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmaras, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued under severe cold weather conditions.
"What day is it today?
"—The teenager who was trapped under the rubble for 129 hours asked the rescuers who rescued him after being brought back to the surface.
A Kahramanmaras man holds his newly rescued cat
Miraculous successful rescue cases have brought a ray of hope to the already hopeless search and rescue work, but at the same time, the number of victims is also rising.
According to official statistics, Monday's quake has killed more than 20,000 people in Turkey, and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated at more than 3,500.
Although experts say that people can survive for more than a week after being trapped in the rubble, the hope of finding more survivors has become increasingly slim.
Rescuers are still using thermal imaging cameras to look for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of rescue efforts has shifted to helping survivors who are in dire need.
UN official: Disaster 'unseen in a century' in region
UN Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator Martin Griffiths told a news conference in Turkey that the quake was the region's "worst disaster in 100 years".
He also praised Turkey's post-disaster response as "extraordinary".
He also told Reuters reporters that he hoped that aid could be provided to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but that the matter was "unclear".
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief donations to victims of the earthquake in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced a $25 million allocation for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Chilean Earthquake (1960)
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, Valdivia, Chile, experienced the largest earthquake ever observed and recorded in human history, with a magnitude of 9.5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was reduced to ruins.
The huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, setting off a huge tsunami with a wave height of 25 meters.
The tsunami spread to distant Japan and the Philippines.
The death toll and economic damage from a disaster of this scope cannot be precisely known.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Alaska Earthquake (1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday and Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, USA, with a moment magnitude of 9.2.
Until 2006, the Alaska earthquake was the third largest earthquake ever recorded in the world.
A fault between the Pacific and North American plates ruptured in Prince William Sound near College Sound when the quake struck.
The quake lasted between 3 and 5 minutes in most areas.
The displacement of the sea floor triggered a huge tsunami with a height of 67 meters.
Because it was a holiday, schools and many businesses were closed.
The earthquake killed 139 people.
Nine of them died directly from the quake, and 130 others died from the tsunami triggered by the quake.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Tangshan Earthquake (1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.
The epicenter was 23 kilometers from the ground.
The transportation, communications, water supply, and power supply of Tangshan City were cut off, and they were razed to the ground in an instant.
The capital Beijing, 140 kilometers away, was also strongly felt.
According to official statistics, in all affected areas including Beijing and Tianjin, the earthquake caused 242,769 deaths and 164,851 serious injuries.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second deadliest earthquake ever recorded in China, after the Jiajing earthquake in 1556.
But overseas scientists estimated that the earthquake may have killed at least 650,000 people.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Indian Ocean earthquake (2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers away from the west coast of Aceh Province, Sumatra, Indonesia, with a focal depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with a wave height of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific Rim have been affected, with the hardest-hit areas including Aceh Province in Indonesia, the resort areas of Khao Lak and Phuket in Thailand, Sri Lanka and Tamil State in India.
At that time, it was the peak tourist season of Christmas, and a large number of tourists and local residents gathered in the affected area. As a result, many tourists enjoying their holidays on the beach and locals working by the sea were swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, making many people become victims of the earthquake. missing person.
It is estimated that the number of dead and missing is at least 300,000 people.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Wenchuan Earthquake (2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.
According to data from the China Earthquake Administration, the surface wave magnitude of the earthquake was 8.2, and the moment magnitude was 8.3, destroying an area of more than 100,000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake had killed 69,227 people, 17,923 were missing, 374,643 were injured to varying degrees, 19,930,300 people lost their homes, and the total affected population reached 46,256,000.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China, and it was also the one with the heaviest casualties after the Tangshan Earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of each year will be designated as the Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day to strengthen public education and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation.
After that, governments and primary and secondary schools in many places in China hold earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to attach importance to the popularization of "earthquake prevention and disaster reduction" education.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
Haiti Earthquake (2010)
On January 12, 2010, an earthquake measuring 7.0 on the Richter scale occurred in the Caribbean island country of Haiti.
The epicenter was located 25 kilometers southwest of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince, and the epicenter was about 13 kilometers from the surface.
The International Committee of the Red Cross estimates that the number of people affected by the quake is around 3 million.
The Haitian government has confirmed the death toll at more than 200,000.
In some parts of Haiti, as many as 90% of houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite massive aid and support from the international community, the impoverished, overpopulated, corrupt country never recovered from the devastation.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years
The Great Tohoku Earthquake in Japan (2011)
On March 11, 2011, a large thrust zone earthquake with a moment magnitude of 9.0 occurred off the coast of Tohoku, Japan.
The epicenter of the earthquake was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai City, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture. The measured depth of the epicenter was 24 kilometers, and it triggered a huge tsunami with a maximum height of 40.1 meters.
The quake was the first recorded in Japan to have a magnitude greater than 9.
About 22,000 people lost their lives in the disaster, and about 400,000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant suffered a leak due to the earthquake and tsunami.
The accident was classified as level 7, the most severe, on the International Nuclear Event Scale (INES).
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the measurement of trace amounts of radioactive substances all over the world, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 (with a half-life of 30 years).
Large quantities of radioactive isotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to the statistics of the United Nations, at least 870,000 people in the disaster-stricken areas of Turkey and Syria are in urgent need of food.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people lost their homes due to the earthquake.
The World Food Program (WFP) has appealed for $77 million to feed people displaced by the earthquake in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as zero, and many victims have no shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed large quantities of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still struggling to reach many people in dire need.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has made the suffering of the people worse.
In the four days since the earthquake, the World Food Program has provided food relief to 115,000 people in Turkey and Syria.
The World Health Organization (WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma management and emergency surgery.
(Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Statement: All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any wrongdoing will result in recovery and be subject to criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Police Notice: The Judiciary Police Department appeals to the public to beware of fraudulent text messages from counterfeit telecommunications companies
Recently, the Judiciary Police Department has received a number of telecommunications fraud cases. The criminals pretended to be local telecommunications companies and sent fraudulent text messages with website links to the victims. They lured the victims to log on to fake websites for redemption with the bait of redeeming rewards as soon as possible when the points expired.
The victim entered the credit card information and verification code according to the instructions, and then received a notice from the financial institution that the credit card had an unknown consumption record. He suspected that the credit card information was stolen through the above-mentioned website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications company did not send the above-mentioned short message.
The Judiciary Police Department appeals to the public to be more vigilant if they receive similar mobile phone text messages, and do not log in to the website links contained in the text messages or provide any personal information; if they are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction passwords, and transaction verification codes, doubly Be cautious to prevent credit card fraud.
Anti-fraud tips:
1. Pay more attention to network security information and improve personal awareness of prevention;
2. Do not log in to websites from unknown sources and register personal and credit card information in the website to prevent misappropriation;
3. Be wary of fake websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website URL is exactly the same as the official website;
4. Install anti-virus software for mobile phones, mobile devices or computers, and update them regularly;
5. When you suspect fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the anti-fraud inquiry hotline 8800 7777 or the reporting hotline 993 of the Judiciary Police for help.
NEWS GOV-MO: Hong Kong large-scale study group visits tourist attractions and facilities in Macau to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand Hong Kong and Macau "connected travel"
The Tourism Bureau organized a large-scale Hong Kong delegation of more than 100 people from the tourism department of the Hong Kong government, tourism industry and media representatives to Macau. The two-day (10th and 11th) schedule included working meetings and industry talks, and Hong Kong travel agency industry and media representatives. It also visited many tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macau in batches to introduce the latest Macau tourism products to the Hong Kong market, and at the same time promote the linkage of cultural tourism between the two places, and jointly expand the market of "connected travel" between Hong Kong and Macau.
Introduce a new way of tourism in Macau
The 100-person large-scale Hong Kong delegation includes leaders and directors of tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transportation operators from Hong Kong and Macau, and about 30 reporters from travel magazines and newspapers, travel social media, and Internet media representatives and bloggers/Internet celebrities, etc., will visit Macau for exchanges and investigations to learn about the latest tourism resources in Macau. The Hong Kong industry and media will bring new ways of traveling in Macau to Hong Kong residents and tourists, and take advantage of Hong Kong's transportation hub to expand the market of "connected travel" between Hong Kong and Macau.
Two-day intensive itinerary to seek business opportunities and increase publicity
The delegation visited the World Heritage "Historic Center of Macau" in groups yesterday and today, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel‧Traveling at the Three Buses" - the immersive digital experience exhibition of the Ruins of St. Paul's, Macao Pinhui, Taipa Old Town, and many large resort hotels and facilities: Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, MGM Cotai, Morpheus, The Londoner Macau, Galaxy Macau, the Artelli multi-dimensional art space of City of Dreams and the Venetian Macau teamLab supernatural space, etc.
Members of the delegation will share Macau tourism resources and travel experience with Hong Kong residents by visiting Macau tourism facilities and personally experiencing Macau's "tourism +" elements, integrating the promotion and sales of Macau's latest tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attract Hong Kong tourists to expand Hong Kong and Macau "connected travel"
Taking advantage of the return of customs clearance, MGTO launched a promotional campaign in the Hong Kong market and launched various discounts, including discounts on round-trip transportation tickets to Hong Kong and Macau, and advertising on online and offline platforms with brand-new promotional videos.
After inviting Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to come to Macau for exchange and investigation last month and Hong Kong Internet celebrities to experience Macau's "Travel +" first-hand, this time organizes Hong Kong tourism industry and media representatives to visit Macau again to increase marketing efforts and attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Macau In terms of consumption, the industries of the two places are even negotiating to join hands to expand the Hong Kong and Macau "connected travel" market, jointly expand the mainland and overseas markets, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry of the two places.
Xi Jinping wrote back to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team to aid China and Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, and to tell the story of China with practical actions.
Xi Jinping wrote back to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team to aid China and Africa to benefit the local people with their benevolence and benevolence, and to tell the Chinese story well with practical actions
2023-02-11 13:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor in charge: Li Xufeng] Font: [Large, Medium and Small]
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th. Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, President of the State, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, sent a reply letter to members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams aiding the Central African Republic on February 9, sending greetings to them and the vast number of foreign aid medical team members. Raise great expectations.
In his reply letter, Xi Jinping said that you overcame difficulties in work and life in Central Africa and served the local people wholeheartedly.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of the Chinese foreign aid medical team. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are and have been performing foreign aid medical missions.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and medical aid to foreign countries is a vivid embodiment.
I hope that you will not forget your original aspirations, keep your mission in mind, vigorously promote the spirit of the Chinese medical team that is not afraid of hardships, dedication, life-saving and boundless love, benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, tell Chinese stories with practical actions, and contribute to the construction of human health. Make greater contributions to the health community.
Foreign aid medical care is an important part of my country's foreign aid work.
In 1963, my country sent the first foreign medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30,000 medical team members have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, America, Europe and Oceania, and 290 million patients have been treated, winning wide acclaim from the international community.
At present, foreign aid medical teams are working in 115 medical sites in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams to aid China and Africa wrote to General Secretary Xi Jinping, reporting on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, providing medical services for local people, and expressing their contribution to promoting the construction of a human health community determination of strength.
New members, alternate members, and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels study and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Members, alternate members, and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels study and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
2023-02-11 13:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor in charge: Li Xufeng] Font: [Large, Medium and Small]
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, February 10th. New members, alternate members, and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels of the Central Committee study and implement Xi Jinping's new era of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the spirit of the 20th Party Congress. On the afternoon of the 10th, the Central Party School ( National School of Administration), Cai Qi, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the closing ceremony and delivered a concluding speech.
He said that it is necessary to thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the "two establishments" and resolutely achieve the "two maintenances", strengthen capabilities, work hard, and solidly promote China's In the process of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation in an all-round way, we will create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice, and the people.
During the seminar, all students, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, earnestly studied the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar. The understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues in Chinese-style modernization has enhanced the confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, and strengthened the ability to perform duties and do a good job. A sense of responsibility and a sense of mission to work and ensure a good start in the new era and new journey.
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar made speeches and reported and exchanged their learning achievements.
Cai Qi said that studying and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is not only the primary political task at present and in the future, but also a long-term strategic task. "Requirements, promote the study and implementation of the work to go deep, to the reality, to the heart.
It is necessary to have a deeper understanding of the decisive significance of the "two establishments", resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee, and centralize and unify leadership, continuously improve political judgment, political comprehension, and political execution. In terms of action, it is highly consistent with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core.
We must strive to master the housekeeping skills of Marxist theory, consciously arm our minds with the party's innovative theories, guide practice, and promote work. Learn to take responsibility.
We must implement the decisions and deployments of the 20th National Congress of the Party with a vigorous and promising spirit, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up our sleeves and work harder, and throw ourselves down to be a good "construction captain", step by step, turn the blueprint into reality.
We must keep in mind that comprehensive and strict governance of the party is always on the road, and the party's self-revolution is always on the road. We must tighten and compact the political responsibility of comprehensively and strictly governing the party, take the party's political construction as the guide, and deeply promote the new great project of party building in the new era.
It is necessary to strengthen the ability to promote high-quality development, serve the masses, prevent and defuse risks, vigorously investigate and study, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, and Wang Xiaohong attended the closing ceremony, and Chen Xi presided over the closing ceremony.
Google's AI chatbot "answered the wrong question" and the parent company's stock price evaporated hundreds of billions of dollars
(Comprehensive 11th)
Google's new artificial intelligence chat robot Bard got off to a bad start and "answered the wrong question" in the promotional video, causing Google's parent company Alphabet's stock price to plummet 8.9% on Wednesday, falling below the $100 mark, and its market value evaporated by $110 billion (about 4765 billion ringgit), at US$94.57 as of Friday's close.
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as good as rival Microsoft.
According to a Reuters report, Google earlier released a promotional video of the AI chat robot Bard on social media. In the film, someone asked Bard: "What new discoveries can I tell my 9-year-old about the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST)?" ?
In his answer, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first photo of an exoplanet.
However, according to NASA, the first image of an exoplanet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004.
"Reuters" even reported on the headline "Alphabet's stock price plummeted after Bard's answer was wrong".
Google, on the other hand, noted that Bard's response "underscores the importance of a rigorous testing process," combining external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure that Bard's responses "are based on quality, safety, and truthful information." high standard".
Strong tourism recovery in Singapore sees 19-fold increase in arrivals compared to 2021
(Comprehensive, 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it is estimated that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore in 2023 will reach 12 million to 14 million, which will bring about 18 billion to 21 billion Singapore dollars in tourism revenue; the number of tourists and tourism revenue It will return to the level of about 67% to 75% before the new crown epidemic in 2019; the possibility of a full recovery of the tourism industry in 2024 is very high.
In 2022, the Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover.
According to the latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board, the number of inbound tourists in 2022 will increase 19 times from 330,600 in 2021 to 6.3 million, surpassing the tourism bureau's previous estimate of 4 million to 6 million. Tourists have recovered from the epidemic. The top 33% level.
From January to September 2022, Singapore's tourism revenue totaled 8.96 billion Singapore dollars. It is estimated that the annual tourism revenue in 2022 will reach 13.8 billion to 14.3 billion Singapore dollars, an increase of 6 to 7 times compared with 1.89 billion Singapore dollars in 2021. Return to the level of about 50% to 52% before the new crown epidemic in 2019.
The Singapore government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of the tourism industry.
In April 2022, the government announced the allocation of nearly S$500 million to stimulate the recovery of the tourism industry.
The Tourism Bureau announced a few days ago that it plans to allocate 110 million Singapore dollars from this budget in the next two years to launch more commercial and leisure activities to attract tourists to return.
In order to make health and wellness one of the tourism highlights in Singapore, the Singapore Tourism Board released a call for expressions of interest on November 23, 2022, planning to develop a health and wellness attraction on the south coast of Singapore.
Wang Lingli, executive director of sports and wellness tourism of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists put their health at the top of all considerations.
The development of a health and wellness attraction in the Marina South area with Gardens by the Bay and Marina Barrage is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism industry and economy, allowing tourists to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Chen Jianlong, director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in the next few years, health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore's tourism products.
The COVID-19 pandemic has raised public awareness and needs for physical and mental health.
To this end, MGTO has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists for the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held the first Health and Wellness Festival, providing the public with more than 130 various health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide tourists with new travel experiences.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, Avatar World at Gardens by the Bay, Sentosa Central Beach Bazaar, ArtScience Museum's new "Explore New Frontiers" exhibition hall, and the new amphitheater at Night Safari, the Tourism Bureau will support The development and renewal of projects such as the bird park in Wantai Wildlife World has made Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive tourism industry within 2023, and focus on improving waste disposal and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
The recovery of Singapore's tourism industry has accelerated the recovery of the aviation industry.
The data shows that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport's passenger traffic has recovered strongly, with as many as 150,000 passengers received every day, and about 1 million passengers per week, which is equivalent to about 75% of that before the new crown epidemic. The number of jobs has also returned to about 90% of the level before the epidemic.
Data show that from January to October 2022, Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers, equivalent to 42% of the pre-epidemic figure, and 170,000 flights, 53% of the pre-epidemic figure.
The rapid recovery of the tourism industry has also driven the pace of recovery in industries such as accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping.
The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Ke Shudan, assistant director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that a survey by a Chinese travel platform shows that Singapore's safety index ranks among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular among Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million people from China traveled to Singapore for vacation each year.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists this year will recover to 30% to 60% of that in 2019.
Ke Shudan pointed out that next, the tourism bureau will pay close attention to the further signals released by China's outbound travel policy in order to respond to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, the Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in Chinese outbound travel.
Looking forward to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that as long as the global economy does not experience a significant recession that affects public income, and there are no new large-scale deadly outbreaks, the recovery of the tourism industry will be faster than expected.
Kim Jong-un's father and daughter interact intimately and his wife is ignored
(Comprehensive, 11th) North Korea held a military parade for the 75th anniversary of the Army Day on the evening of the 8th. Leader Kim Jong-un’s daughter, Kim Joo-ae, not only attended, but also stood on the rostrum with her father.
North Korea's state media released a video on the 9th. Jin Zhuai snuggled up to her father, looked at each other tenderly several times, and whispered. She gently held her father's cheek with both hands and even touched his father's chest.
However, the first lady Li Xuezhu could only step aside.
Based on South Korean "North Korea News" and other reports, in the official group photo of Kim Jong-un and Li Xuezhu with their daughter Kim Joo-ae attending the dinner on the 7th, Kim Joo-ae is not only rarely sitting in the C seat between his parents, but also on the 75th anniversary of the Army Day the next night At the military parade, she also stood on the rostrum with Kim Jong-un.
The North Korean official media "Korean Central Television" released a video of the military parade afterwards, exposing more scenes of the deep love between father and daughter.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the rostrum. The smiles on their faces never faded, and they whispered in each other's ears. At one point, Kim Joo-ae cupped his father's cheeks with both hands, and Kim Jong-un responded with a bright smile.
Other official media images also showed that when Kim Joo-ae and Kim Jong-un were sitting on an indoor sofa chair, she kept touching her father's face with her hands; when she and her father were walking arm in arm, they touched Kim Jong-un's chest with their hands.
The first lady, Li Xuezhu, could only walk behind or sit aside, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that since Kim Joo-ae made his first public appearance on November 18 last year when he test-fired the Hwasong-17 missile, the probability of exposure has been increasing in the past three months, and this is the fifth time he has appeared on a formal occasion.
North Korea’s official media mentioned Kim Joo-ae using extremely high titles such as dearest son and honored son, and also broadcast a clip of Kim Joo-ae repeatedly shouting and vowing to support the white-headed blood while overlooking the military parade from the stands.
These signs make the outside world wonder whether Kim Joo-ae has been designated as the successor of the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that "this is a signal that Kim Jong-un has pushed his middle-school-age daughter to the position of successor." However, there are also views that such It is still too early to judge. In the case of Kim Jong-un having a son, there are still various possibilities.
Chongyang Q&A—How to view the US non-agricultural employment data in January exceeded expectations and future trends- Economic Observation Network-Professional financial news website
Q: May I ask Chongyang Investment, what do you think of the US non-agricultural employment data in January exceeding expectations and the future trend?
A: On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor announced the non-agricultural employment data for January 2023. New non-agricultural employment was 517,000, which was much higher than the market expectation of 189,000; the unemployment rate fell to 3.4%, the highest level in the past 50 years; hourly wages increased by 4.4% year-on-year and 0.3% month-on-month, a slight slowdown.
From the perspective of the total amount, there are many one-time and technical disturbances in the data this time, such as the faculty and staff returning to work on strike, the revision of the survey statistics, and the update of the seasonal adjustment factor, which may be revised in the future (refer to 2022 1 The monthly increase in non-agricultural employment was revised down from 504,000 to 364,000), and non-agricultural employment may not be as strong as the data suggests.
From a structural point of view, the impact of layoffs in high-tech companies is still there, but the proportion is relatively low; new employment in high-touch service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care has rebounded sharply, and data shows that there is still a labor gap in the service industry.
Combined with the rebound in service industry PMI, job vacancies and labor gap data, which also exceeded expectations, and the strength of consumer credit data, we judge that the US service industry has ushered in a quick recovery after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that the tight supply and demand in the US job market will hardly improve without going through a recession.
At present, there is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the US labor market, while the labor force participation rate is rising slowly, especially the labor force participation rate of 25-54 years old is close to the pre-epidemic high.
In addition, due to the strength of excess savings of American residents and consumer credit, strong consumer demand will further lag the impact of tightening policies on the job market.
The continued tight supply and demand in the U.S. job market will be the background of the U.S. economy in 2023.
Superposition is now approaching the end of interest rate hikes, and inflation expectations continue to fluctuate. We are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before the release of the data, the U.S. stock, bond and exchange markets were overly optimistic about the Fed’s rate hike path.
With the continuous improvement of inflation data, the Fed has shortened the pace of interest rate hikes while maintaining the fragile balance of market inflation expectations. However, the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed’s hawkish statement. It not only expects to stop raising interest rates early, but also expects two cut interest rates.
In the context of tight supply and demand in the labor market and unclear impacts of tightening policies, we believe that the Federal Reserve’s guidance for raising interest rates at the end of the year is relatively reasonable, and the adjustment of extreme market expectations and crowded transactions may cause some damage to the market.
Nevertheless, the stubbornness of salary growth cannot change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. As the M2 data turned negative year-on-year and the leading indicators of various CPI sub-items gradually improved, the US CPI data has turned to a stage of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of the growth rate will only form a foundation for future inflation data. The current market expectations are difficult to falsify. After the next inflation data is released, the market may enter a new round of games.
Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Shanshan, died of a sudden heart attack and led the transformation of China's first clothing company.
Economic Observation Network reporter Zheng Yuxin On February 11, the official WeChat account of Shanshan Holding Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanshan Holding") issued an obituary. Treatment for heart disease was ineffective, and he died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the factory director of the state-owned cotton spinning factory. After being transferred, Zheng Yonggang became the factory director of Ningbo Yungang Garment Factory, the predecessor of Shanshan Co., Ltd. in 1989.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Enterprise Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Future Stars of Chinese Enterprises, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the Shanshan brand The market share was once as high as 37%.
In 1996, Shanshan Co., Ltd. (600884.SH) went public, becoming the first listed company in China's garment industry.
Just when the clothing business was in full swing, Shanshan Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized, "Once the market is liberalized, Chinese brands will naturally form an echelon brand market. It is unlikely to be taken."
In 1999, Shanshan began to study enterprise transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "We came to Shanghai to find out what to do in transformation. We specially found many experts and scholars, and held some Zhugeliang meetings and retreat seminars continuously.
Finally, we set two major strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is that great health has a future."
After the strategic direction was determined, Shanshan began to look for cooperation. At that time, Anshan Institute of Thermal Energy’s carbon research institute supporting Ansteel was working on a national 863 project, and the research funds were insufficient. So Shanshan signed a cooperation agreement with the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 project "mesophase carbon microspheres" project, engaged in the research and development, production and sales of negative electrode materials, and realized the commercial promotion of negative electrode materials in China.
In 2001, Shanshan Co., Ltd. realized the large-scale production of mesocarbon microspheres, and began to replace Japan as the main supplier of mesocarbon microspheres in China.
This is the first lithium-ion battery anode material manufacturer in China, realizing the localization of lithium-ion battery anode materials.
With the rapid popularization of the application of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Shanshan Co., Ltd. began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium battery material business was included in the main business of Shanshan Co., Ltd., and the proportion of clothing business revenue decreased year by year until 2013. Shanshan's lithium battery material business has more revenue than its clothing business.
In February 2021, Shanshan Co., Ltd. successfully acquired LG Chem’s polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established a polarizer company Shanjin Optoelectronics. This field has relatively high technology content. Shanshan's main competitors are all Fortune 500 companies , such as South Korea's Samsung, Japan's Sumitomo Chemical, and Nitto Denko.
Zheng Yonggang once shared his experience in post-investment management, “The probability of success for Chinese private enterprises to acquire some international high-tech companies is relatively low. Why do those acquisitions fail?
Because everyone will think about it, I have spent so much money, I have to send someone to take care of it, right? This is a common behavior.” However, Zheng Yonggang is different. On the day Shanshan’s acquisition was successful, Zheng Yonggang went to Shanshan Optoelectronics publicly announced that Shanshan, as the major shareholder of Shanjin, decided to implement one enterprise, two systems. Except for Zheng Yonggang as the chairman, Shanshan Enterprises will not send people to Shanshan Enterprises. Culture, management and other models remain unchanged.
ICC Xinyu Information released the negative electrode data for 2022, showing that Shanshan’s negative electrode shipments in 2022 will exceed 200,000 tons, a year-on-year increase of 100%, and its market share will reach 16%. The shipment of artificial graphite negative electrode materials will continue to top the list.
In terms of polarizer business, statistics from Yano Research show that the company's Shanjin Optoelectronics will have a global market share of 29% in 2022 and is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshan’s revenue was 15.841 billion yuan, and its net profit was 2.313 billion yuan. On February 10, Shanshan’s stock price was 19.24 yuan per share, with a total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Shanshan Co., Ltd. stated on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's effective graphitization production capacity will be about 100,000 tons, and the graphitization production capacity of the Meishan project will still be climbing.
Wind shows that Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshan shares.
According to Tianyan Check, Zheng Yonggang holds 40.1% of the total equity of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd.
The general manager of Shanshan Co., Ltd. is Li Zhihua, born in 1968. He has successively served as the chairman of Dongguan Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and deputy general manager of Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd. .
Shanshan Co., Ltd. stated on the investor interaction platform on February 10 that there is no kinship relationship between the company's senior management and the company's actual controller.
"Fund E-account" is here: the China Securities Regulatory Commission authorizes the development of all funds under the name of investors to achieve collection and query- Economic Observation Network-Professional Financial News Website
Chen Shan, reporter from Economic Observation Network, is it difficult to collect account information due to the complicated channels for fund purchases?
Always forget the "little treasury"?
These problems of Christianity are about to be solved.
On February 10, the China Securities Regulatory Commission announced that the "Fund E Account" APP was put on the shelves of various mobile phone application stores and launched a public trial run.
According to reports, the "Fund E Account" provides individual investors with a "one-stop" query service for public fund accounts and share information, aiming to solve industry service pain points such as forgetting accounts and cumbersome inquiries for small and medium investors.
According to Wind data, as of the end of 2022, there are 156 public fund managers in China, with a fund management scale of about 26 trillion yuan; 167 public fund share registration agencies, and 411 public fund sales agencies.
The account systems of each share registration agency are independent of each other, and there is no unified inquiry channel for the industry.
Some people in the industry said that by the end of 2021, there will be more than 720 million fund investors in my country, which means that half of the people in the country have invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to inquire about the purchase status through different sales agencies, but through the "fund E account", they can inquire about the purchase status of all sales channels, and the fund holding status is clear at a glance.
What is the "Fund E Account" APP?
According to relevant documents, the "Fund E-Account" APP is a public offering fund industry portal mobile application developed and constructed by China Settlement with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. .
Investors can use the "Fund E Account" to conveniently and quickly grasp the holdings of the off-market shares of the public offering fund products of each fund manager purchased by them through various sales channels in the whole market, and comprehensively improve the query efficiency.
Specifically, the information that investors can inquire through the "Fund E Account" includes: fund account information opened at various public fund managers in the market, transaction account information opened at public fund sales agencies, and information held OTC share holdings of products including publicly offered securities investment funds and collective asset management plans established and managed by securities companies with no limit of 200 investors.
Liu Yiqian, business director of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation and Research Center, told the Economic Observer.com reporter that investors can use the "Fund E Account" app to know all of their off-market public offering fund holdings in one stop and help them find "forgotten funds". More importantly, it has realized the collection of comprehensive fund investment information for customers in all accounts, helping customers to grasp their own investment conditions in a more timely, accurate and complete manner, so as to better optimize their fund portfolio allocation and better Plan your own financial arrangements.
How to register to use?
The reporter noticed that at present, the "Fund E Account" APP has been put on the shelves of mobile application stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo, etc., but the APP is still in the stage of public trial operation. Registration requires filling in the invitation code. Investors can contact the holding Obtained by fund managers with funds.
The customer service staff of a medium and large public offering fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to the reporter of Economic Observer.com, and told the reporter, "During the trial operation of the APP, China Settlement provided a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager. Call and get it, and we'll deliver.
After the trial run is over, the invitation code will not be used when opening user registration.
"
The reporter registered the account and completed the query according to the download of the "Fund E Account" published on the official website of the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the relevant documents for use. The whole process took only a few minutes and was mainly divided into four steps: user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, and public offering fund inquiries.
After passing the real-name authentication step, click the "assets" fund binding button, and all the fund products purchased by the reporter through various fund sales platforms will be displayed in the binding option list (account can be bound), and you can watch it directly after the binding is completed The total assets of the invested fund are reached and the query function can be used.
It is worth noting that the "fund E account" only provides inquiry services for investors, and cannot be used for redemption and trading.
The date of data displayed in the "Fund E Account" is generally three trading days before the date of the user's query (T day).
For example, if you open the "Fund E Account" on February 10, the corresponding date of the total assets, fund shares, and fund net value displayed on the asset page is three trading days before that date, that is, February 7.
Copyright Statement: The above content is the original work of the " Economic Observer", and the copyright belongs to the " Economic Observer".
Without the authorization of the "Economic Observer", reprinting or mirroring is strictly prohibited, otherwise the legal responsibility of the relevant actors will be investigated according to law.
For copyright cooperation, please call: [010-60910566-1260].
Reached a defense consensus with the United States, Japan and the Philippines against the CCP
Asia – On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan and held talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP’s invasion of the South China Sea and the East China Sea. The leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement after the meeting, stating that they will sign a trilateral defense agreement with the United States, conduct substantive defense exchanges, and oppose the CCP’s hegemonic policy.
According to the Japanese media, Fumio Kishida hopes to use this meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies against the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcos visited China in early January this year and won deals worth US$20 billion.
But after that, the relationship between China and the Philippines not only did not improve, but declined.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States, agreeing to open more bases to the U.S. military to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan and is also the closest to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines are now forming an axis with the United States to build an "arc against the CCP" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Xia Liyan, vice chairman of the Kuomintang, conveyed Song Tao's words during his visit: under the 1992 consensus, green camps are welcome to visit the mainland
Xia Liyan, vice chairman of Taiwan's Chinese Kuomintang, met with Song Tao, director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council of China, and Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, during his visit to China.
Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the National Affairs Foundation, an official organization of the Kuomintang, was interviewed by Taiwan's Central News Agency last night, and positively commented on Song Tao's statement to Xia Liyan that as long as he agrees with the "1992 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence, China welcomes people from the green camp to visit the mainland.
The KMT commented that it was something new.
The news on the day Xia Liyan met Song Tao earlier did not mention this statement.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party clarified its rejection of the "1992 Consensus" for several days.
According to the Central News Agency today, Xia Liyan, vice chairman of the Kuomintang, led a delegation to visit China. During their stay in Beijing, they met with Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, and Yin Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee.
Xia Liyan met with Song Tao and said that the political basis of the Kuomintang and the Communist Party is the "1992 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, a senior consultant of the Kuomintang Foundation, said at the meeting that the "1992 Consensus" of the Kuomintang is the original "92 Consensus". Second Consensus".
According to Zhao Chunshan's analysis, this is different from the previous meetings he participated in.
In recent video conferences with academic circles in mainland China, as well as in this conference, we did not hear Taiwan-related scholars talk about military reunification and the "anti-secession law." Instead, we resumed exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the two sides of the strait are fighting fiercely, and mainland China hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the Democratic Party and the Communist Party, the other party is still willing to do a good job in dealing with the Taiwanese, which means that they do not want cross-strait relations to be damaged.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally ordered to tell Song Tao, "You must implement the demands they (Taiwanese farmers and fishermen) raised."
The report did not mention whether the KMT members visited the mainland to mention the daily harassment of Taiwan by Chinese military planes and warships, the agricultural and fishery issues in a few counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether reporters from the Central News Agency asked such questions in interviews.
French trade unions mobilize again to protest against the government's retirement reform plan
On Saturday (February 11), French trade unions once again launched a national mobilization against the government's pension reform draft, calling on people to take to the streets to express their opinions.
This is the fourth day of action in the social unrest against the government's draft reform of the pension system.
And how many people respond to the rally call may affect the next action plan of the trade union group.
This is the fourth time in a month that France's eight major trade union groups have jointly launched a national mobilization, and it is also the first time that this protest has arranged a rally on Saturday.
Given that Saturday is a public holiday for most French people who don't have to choose between protesting or striking with wages, union groups are hoping today's rally will attract more people.
The unions of the public transportation system subway and the public railway company did not call for a strike today. The public transportation system should be able to operate normally, and citizens can take cars to the assembly site.
Trade union groups hope more than a million people will turn out for today's rally, while police expect between 600,000 and 800,000 nationwide and 90,000 to 120,000 in Paris.
Since the start of the anti-government pension reform protests, although polls show that the majority of French people do not support the measure to postpone the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people who actually took to the streets to participate in the demonstrations has gradually increased. reduce.
The first strike demonstrations on January 31 gathered between 1.27 million and 2.5 million people across the country.
The crowd of demonstrators on Tuesday (February 7) has shrunk to between 757,000 and 2 million people across the country.
The pension reform program is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
The opposition parties, especially the opposition group headed by the radical left, have submitted numerous amendment proposals, so that the review process is moving very slowly.
And the debate between the government and the opposition has become increasingly fierce and sharp.
A lawmaker from the radical leftist French Independence Party has sparked protests from the ruling party after he posted on social media a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the portrait of the labor minister on it.
The Speaker of the National Assembly eventually announced a 15-day ban on the MP from parliamentary activities as punishment for such behaviour.
Although this reform plan has triggered the largest social disturbance in France in more than 20 years, so far, although the government has slightly adjusted the draft, it has not made any major concessions.
The trade unions are already preparing to launch another action next Thursday, the 16th. On March 7, when the reform bill is sent to the Senate for discussion, the trade unions also plan to organize demonstrations.
China encourages raising fertility rate to high standards of sperm quality in colleges and universities
The Human Sperm Bank of China’s Yunnan Province issued a promotion on the 9th, soliciting sperm donations from those with a college degree or above or school students. If you successfully donate 8 to 12 times, you will receive a subsidy of RMB 4,500.
According to Taiwan media reports today, the news rushed to Weibo hot searches that day, and triggered follow-up initiatives in many provinces and cities such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing.
According to a signed report by the Free Times, China encourages college students to donate sperm.
For sperm donation from colleges and universities across the country, Beijing has the highest threshold for sperm donation. In addition to academic qualifications, it also requires a height of at least 170 cm, good facial features, no obvious hair loss, and a myopia degree of no more than 600 degrees.
According to the report, the Human Sperm Bank of Yunnan Province pointed out that sperm donors can get a full set of andrological physical examination worth 1,000 RMB, "especially semen and chromosome testing, most people have never done it, which is of great significance to understand their fertility status."
The requirements for sperm donors include those with a height of 165 cm or more, a college degree or above or those who are studying, without color blindness, color weakness, hepatitis B and other genetic diseases and infectious diseases.
The report quoted China’s Tianmu News as saying that the Human Sperm Bank in Shaanxi Province printed a promotional poster with “Paid Sperm Donation, Unlimited Glory”, calling on young people to respond to sperm donation, and encouraging netizens to forward relevant messages and “let the love spread”.
The price in Shaanxi Province is higher than that in Yunnan. Those who pass the test can receive RMB 300 in cash each time, and those who have completed a certain number of sperm donations can receive a subsidy of RMB 5,000.
At present, the highest known price is Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5150 RMB.
East Germany's last communist chancellor dies today
The successor to the East German communist party reported in a statement, "Hans Modrow left us last night at the age of 95.
As a result, our party has lost an important leader.
"
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall that separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modelo said he would help turn East Germany into a democracy.
At the time, Communist leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
When the Soviet Union came to power, Mikhail Gorbachev demanded changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe as well.
In March 1990, Modelo declared the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).
The election results resulted in him no longer serving as prime minister.
Despite Modelo's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political changes and unification that took place in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reshape rather than abolish the secret police.
In 1993, Modelo was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but did not go to jail.
Some say the charges are politically motivated.
Modelo went on to serve in the German Parliament from 1990 to 1994 and as a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004.
Modelo sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters he did not want the old East Germany to return but said it should be recognized for its achievements.
Modelo was born in 1928 in what was then the German town of Jasenitz (now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a machinist.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader in a youth fire brigade, and toward the end of the conflict he became a member of the Volkssturm, a Nazi militia organization that recruited men aged 16 to 60 to fight in the last struggles of the war.
At 17, Modelo was captured by Soviet troops and taken as a prisoner of war to the Soviet Union, where he took anti-fascist courses and became a staunch Communist Party member.
On his return in 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he found work as a mechanic and went on to study social sciences and economics, earning a Ph.D.
Modelo was a staff member of the Free German Youth movement, which nearly all young East Germans joined, and was promoted to the Dresden region by the ruling Social Unity Party (SED) between 1973 and 1989 party chairman.
He also served in the East German parliament for more than 30 years.
Modelo became the de facto leader of East Germany in 1990, holding the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary, pro-protest hackers hack president's televised speech
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of Iran's revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Raisi's televised address.
The president's live televised address was interrupted for about a minute on the Internet, and the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers called "Edalat Ali" (Justice Ali) appeared on the screen.
A voice was also seen shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic".
Hackers interrupted state television coverage as Iran marked the anniversary of its revolution, Reuters reported today.
As Iran officially marks the 44th anniversary of the Iranian Revolution, Lacey's hardline government faces the boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Lacey still calls on "deceived youth" to repent so they can get Iran's supreme leader pardon.
Nationwide protests are still raging in Iran after the death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini in the custody of the country's morality police in September.
Iranian security forces have launched a deadly crackdown on protests in one of the most formidable challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since a 1979 revolution that overthrew the 2,500-year-old monarchy.
Iranian authorities on Friday released imprisoned dissident Farhad Mesami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha on hunger strike as part of an amnesty to mark the anniversary of the revolution.
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei earlier issued an amnesty that included some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors, human rights group HRANA reported.
Another 70 government security personnel were killed, the report said.
As many as 19,763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have called for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the protests and support for the government.
On the evening of the anniversary of Iran's revolution on Friday night, state media showed fireworks as part of government-sponsored celebrations, with people chanting "Allahu Akbar!
(God is the greatest!)".
However, many could also be heard at the rally shouting "Death to the dictator!
’ and ‘Death to the Islamic Republic’ in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live footage of official rallies in states across the country.
In Tehran, home-made anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed as part of official celebrations.
President Lacey's speeches were frequently interrupted by chants of "Death to America" -- a signature slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted "Death to Israel".
Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor that has soured relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months, Reuters said.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on national security charges.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she was back in jail.
Adelkhah has denied the allegations.
Mesami's release came a week after supporters warned he was at risk of death as a result of his hunger strike.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting the mandatory wearing of the hijab.
Responding to Adelkhah's release on Friday, the French foreign ministry called for her freedom to be restored, "including that she should be allowed to return to France if she wishes.
"
Will the balloon incident brighten the eyes of the United States?
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China
According to a Wall Street Journal report today, after the balloon incident, the United States is preparing to further tighten technology exports to China.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and would build political support for stronger U.S. technology protections.
The U.S. said the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communications.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official now at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank.
"This is undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire and supporting the views of the hardliners on China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, “We will also consider broader actions to expose and respond to China’s larger surveillance activities that have Threats to our national security and to our allies and partners.
U.S. officials said they had notified the governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident and that international coordination was crucial to countering the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the Biden administration's actions, the U.S. House of Representatives' new ad hoc committee on strategic competition with the Chinese Communist Party could also pressure the U.S. to take tougher measures to slow China's progress. develop.
Members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn could force a tougher policy from the White House, she said.
According to the Wall Street Journal, many advocates of stricter export controls are also pushing to expand the scope of controls to include industries such as artificial intelligence.
The U.S. government is also already formulating a foreign investment review plan to examine whether there are potential national security threats from China in U.S. overseas investments.
Analysts said the White House could face calls for a faster rollout of the program.
Turkey-Syria Earthquake Relief Works Day and Night
Rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working around the clock in the rubble of thousands of destroyed buildings to free survivors buried under the rubble since the powerful earthquake hit Turkey and neighboring Syria.
In freezing temperatures, they often called for silence as they struggled to hear any sound of life from the dilapidated concrete piles.
Reuters reported today that two more women had been rescued after surviving days in the devastation of the quake.
However, the death toll from the quake climbed to 24,150.
The death toll in Turkey stands at 20,665 and in Syria more than 3,500.
Monday's 7.8-magnitude quake, which continued with several powerful aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, was the seventh deadliest natural disaster this century, surpassing Japan's 2011 earthquake and tsunami and approaching the 2003 quake in neighboring Iran that killed 31,000 people die.
A similarly powerful earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17,000 people.
Rescuers have pulled two women from the rubble of collapsed buildings in Turkey after they were trapped for 122 hours after the region's deadliest earthquake in 20 years, Turkish authorities said on Saturday.
Another injured man, identified as Masallah Cicek, 55, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, Turkey's largest city in southeastern Turkey.
In freezing temperatures, rescuers often called for silence as they struggled to hear any sound of life from the dilapidated concrete piles.
Crouching under concrete slabs and whispering "Inshallah" - "God bless" - in Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers cautiously reached into the rubble to free a 10-day-old newborn.
His eyes widened as baby Yagiz Ulas was wrapped in a warm blanket and carried to the field hospital.
Video images showed first responders also taking his mother, who was dazed and pale but conscious on a stretcher.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours, and 31,000 rescuers had been mobilized in the affected areas.
Some 80,000 people were being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people were left homeless by the quake and crammed into makeshift shelters, he said.
Questions have grown about the leaders of both countries over their response to the disaster, as many people lack food in frigid winter conditions.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad traveled with his wife Asma to a hospital in Aleppo, reportedly his first visit since the earthquake, according to Syrian state media. Go to the affected area.
Earlier, the World Food Program said it was running out of stocks in rebel-held northwestern Syria as the state of war complicated relief efforts.
Erdogan, who visited Turkey's Adiyaman province on Friday, acknowledged that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents have seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who will run for re-election in a May 14 vote that could be delayed by the disaster.
Anger over delays in delivering aid and launching rescue efforts could affect the election, Reuters said.
Even before the earthquake, the vote was seen as Erdogan's most serious challenge in his two decades in power.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called a "passive campaign for political gain".
Kemal Kildaroglu, leader of Turkey's main opposition party, criticized the government's response.
"The earthquake was big, but worse than the earthquake was the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence," the critic said.
"
Hanoi, VNA - VNA correspondents reported that during their visit to Brunei Darussalam, on the morning of February 11, Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam (UBD, referred to as "University of Brunei").
The University of Brunei Darussalam is the largest higher education and scientific research center in Brunei, ranking third in the regional university rankings.
Brunei University is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
In July 2013, the University of Brunei officially established a cooperative relationship with FPT University in Vietnam. The main area of cooperation is English training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, moral education, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei also incorporates Vietnamese into the teaching curriculum.
When visiting the University of Brunei, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung and his wife had exchanges with students of the Vietnamese class.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh is happy that more and more foreigners like to learn Vietnamese, and then make positive contributions to promoting Vietnam's cultural characteristics and image of local customs and customs to the rest of the world.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh expressed his belief and hope that the team of Vietnamese language teachers at the University of Brunei will become stronger and stronger; the students in the Vietnamese language class will become more and more interested in Vietnamese, study hard, be able to use Vietnamese fluently as soon as possible, and become friends between Vietnam and Vietnam. Messenger of partnership.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also communicated via video with Vietnamese students who are learning English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang to learn about their learning situation, especially during the epidemic.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh believes that the cooperative relationship between Vietnam’s FPT University and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center is a vivid symbol of Vietnam-Brunei educational cooperation.
At the same time, it is hoped that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and Brunei.
During the discussion with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of Brunei University, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh spoke highly of the achievements of the educational cooperation between the two countries, including the cooperation between FPT University and Brunei University, and the integration of Vietnamese language by Brunei University. Incorporate this initiative into the teaching curriculum.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh hoped that the University of Brunei would continue to pay attention to ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expand the size of Vietnamese language classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also spoke highly of the positive results of the cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the memorandum of understanding on educational cooperation signed in April 2014; he suggested that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs , such as: Global Discovery Programme, Discovery Year, etc.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh spoke highly of the University of Brunei's establishment of its first branch in Southeast Asia in Vietnam; believed that the university's development in the region and the world is growing stronger; and further expanded its cooperative relationship with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife planted a commemorative tree on the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh wished the University of Brunei to continue to develop, to contribute more and more to Brunei's education, and to carry out deeper and wider cooperation with various educational and training institutions in Vietnam.
(over)
VNA
Hanoi, VNA - The official visits to Singapore and Brunei by Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Trung and his wife have been a complete success with comprehensive, practical and concrete results, VNA correspondents reported.
During the three days of his visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The results achieved have injected new impetus into promoting the strategic partnership between Vietnam and Singapore and the comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Vietnam in a deeper, wider and more effective direction.
During the visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh continued to reiterate the foreign policy of the Vietnamese Party and State, which is independent, pluralistic, multi-faceted, willing to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, and a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening the relationship with Singapore and Brunei is the demand of their respective countries, and they are committed to improving the well-being of the people of their respective countries, and to the peace, stability and development of the region and the world.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through high-level delegation exchanges, effective implementation of various bilateral cooperation mechanisms and various important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during this visit.
Among them, the "Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership" signed with Singapore and the "Action Plan for Strengthening the Comprehensive Partnership between Vietnam and Brunei for the period 2023-2027" signed with Brunei are two highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During meetings with business leaders, symposiums or attendance at economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates favorable conditions for Singaporean and Brunei companies to expand their investment scope in Vietnam’s digital transformation, green energy, high-tech, innovative and creative fields.
This visit will not only help to deepen the cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also contribute to the digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovation and creativity, smart cities, sustainable development and other new potential areas for cooperation frameworks.
King Hassanal Bolkiah of Brunei and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter the bilateral symposium.
Picture from Vietnam News Agency
During his visits to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh made time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese community.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh suggested that the authorities of the two countries pay more attention and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society, and foster relations between the two countries.
The proposal has been agreed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community; they agreed to maintain solidarity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and promote ASEAN in the context of complex and volatile regional and international situations under the central role.
With the important achievements achieved, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh’s official visit to Singapore and Brunei is to effectively implement the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam’s external policy of strengthening relations with ASEAN neighbors as a priority, and to effectively implement the policy of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of Vietnam Central Committee on the new The No. 12 conclusion (12-KL/TW) of overseas Chinese affairs in Vietnam under the current situation, and made positive contributions to exerting the power of national unity.
(over)
What exactly was the "object" shot down over Alaska?
confusing, guesswork
The U.S. military once again used its most advanced stealth fighter jet, the F-22, to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska, U.S., on Friday afternoon (February 10).
It was shot down ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the U.S. military has shot down an airborne object.
A spy balloon from China was shot down near the coast of South Carolina after days of drifting in U.S. airspace on Saturday.
The second downed object entered U.S. airspace for the first time Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeast Alaska at an altitude of 12,000 meters (40,000 feet), the Pentagon said. The car is about the same, much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes there is currently no indication that the object is manipulable.
White House National Security Council strategic communications coordinator John Kirby said Friday that while the high-flying object's exact appearance was unclear, it "posed a legitimate threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
Bryant said the object, unlike the spy balloon found in the United States, did not have a "payload" suspended from it.
"What we call an 'object' is the best description we can currently make," Bryant said.
President Biden took the Pentagon's advice before ordering the object down, a decision he made "very carefully," Bryant added.
The US official description of this object can be roughly summarized as follows: the size is equivalent to a small car, there is no joystick, no suspension device, and the flying height is about 10,000 meters.
But this information cannot yet answer basic questions, such as what the object really is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is performing.
At present, many analyzes and speculations on the Internet believe that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It may have come from China, as did the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America, performing some kind of mission in a different location.
Some people also associate this "object" in Alaska with a "unidentified flying object" (UFO).
U.S. Newsweek report quoted former U.S. Rep. Peter Meijer as tweeting on Friday, "Wish this 'UFO' was also a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO ".
"The irony of conflating an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth sparking an interstellar conflict," Major said.
Major's tweet came shortly after Bryant confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Major was not alone in suspecting the object was a UFO, Newsweek said.
Rep. Tim Burchett (R-Tennessee) criticized the administration's intelligence cover-up last month, demanding that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
I can't believe Amazon's customer service attitude
It is estimated that few people see this, but I also want to say a little bit.
This dress was a zipper hoodie when we bought it, and it was a short-sleeved one for me in the end.
Immediately after receiving the clothes, I got in touch with Amazon customer service. At that time, it was confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I asked for a replacement. The customer service said to solve it, and then immediately saw that the name of the product changed to short sleeves. It turned out that the link I bought was taken off the shelf.
Then the customer service notified to either keep the goods and compensate a certain amount, or return the goods.
Is this how Amazon handles it?
It's really unbelievable that the wrong clothes are not my problem. As a consumer, I ask for the goods I should get, and I don't make any exaggerated demands. Amazon changes the name and says it's out of stock.
This is my first long review and hopefully it won't be my last.
incomprehensible sleeves
It is said to be made of cowhide, and it is indeed relatively hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks in the local area, and it is not clear whether it is genuine leather. In addition, the sleeves of this dress are really incomprehensible. Usually, the sleeves of jackets are longer than the hem of the clothes. , but usually only 1-2 centimeters, this dress is a full 5 centimeters long, the arms should naturally hang down in the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this dress cover the fingers.
Buying clothes is easy, and returns are easy.
But I really don't know when to get the money back?
The workmanship of the clothes is good, because the size is too small, I had to return the goods. After returning the goods, more than a week has passed, and I have not received a refund?
Moreover, the buyer has to contact the Quanfeng Express, which is not very honest. This is the worst shopping since buying Amazon items!
But the store is still good, actively cooperating with the courier and urging the refund in a timely manner, but the real work of Quanfeng Express is quite infuriating, and the refund is delayed for about half a month. This kind of partner is to hold back Amazon. Yes, poor work efficiency and no sense of service!
more suitable for young people
99 seconds to kill.
The workmanship, color, and feel of the wool pants are all good, soft/thin and moderate, and have no kerosene smell.
Unfortunately, the version is thin and more suitable for young people.
3XL, the flat waist is 2 feet 5, the maximum stretch size is 4 feet, 1.79/80 kg, the waist is a bit tight.
It seems that there is no elastic band around the waist, and it is quite difficult to loosen up the waistline.
Plus, it's uncomfortable to wear next to your body.
very good the color is not very bright
What's the situation when I just bought it and it went up by more than 200.
It was the first time that Amazon used the cooperating Tiantianbai Express. The first delivery was not at home. Later, I took the initiative to make two delivery appointments with the courier. The courier refused to deliver, and then returned it directly to me. The courier has no integrity at all, and it is strongly recommended not to use that bad courier any more.
This time, I also returned a t-shirt, and the price was increased by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon self-operated should not appear such a product
I bought it when the product was on sale, the price is not low, and it is also a very good product after reading the reviews.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was worn in a large area, and there were wears in many other places. It was either a defective product or an old product. The picture will be shown later.
I applied to return the product, and the people from the manufacturer saw the picture and said it was caused by transportation. Isn’t this nonsense?
How can an item be worn down inside?
There are only two possibilities, either it is a defective product, or I damaged the product on purpose and then returned it.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the product, but based on my credit record of shopping on Amazon, I think such products should not appear in Amazon’s self-operated products. Customers who choose Amazon’s self-operated products are trust, customer win , we win, the customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory, I hope everyone will work hard to improve, thank you.
I have been using this product for less than a year, and there are two E2s, I don’t know how to deal with it?
I bought this product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, red E2 appeared on the two groups on the right side of the receiver. It should be a problem with the transmitter module. This is consistent with the continuous work of the transmitter module mentioned on the Amazon website. 7 years does not quite match, and I can’t find after-sales service on the Amazon website. , I don’t know what to do now?
Okay
The first purchase was bad.
It doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn, and the label on the fuselage was also torn.
And it's always a white screen.
It will be fine after changing.
The replacement is very fast, it is a bit blurry at night, and the viewing angle is not very wide, but it is enough for ordinary household use.
The disadvantage is that there is no card, I bought it myself, and I bought a mobile phone from Amazon before.
There will be a sticker on the package to prevent the package from being opened. Not this time. When buying a mobile phone, there is a sticker like a chapter that can be attached to the warranty card. Not this time.
I don't know if it's because things are cheap, so I'm confused.
Waiting for supplier reply
There is no mark on the package, so I called the supplier directly and said that the answer is that there is no mark, it is a genuine product. If there is any doubt, I can mail it to Johnson & Johnson for inspection, and leave the license plate number and phone number. I promise to send a text message to notify my information into Johnson & Johnson. The warranty card on the official website has not received a text message until now?
Received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon self-operated products are still very reassuring.
The master who changed the oil said that the oil is clear and it is indeed good oil.
Because it is the second purchase.
So I'm still very relieved.
The express delivery is fast, and the packaging is not picky. After using this oil, the engine sound has dropped significantly.
The price/performance ratio is good, and it is difficult to find synthetic motor oil under 200.
Support the star crown, support the winning card, and effectively protect the car.
Amazon Japan has seriously damaged the interests of buyers due to customer service problems (8c caterpillars are shipped as 8cm caterpillars) (8c=14cm, 8cm=2c)
Admitting mistakes, but always refusing, always emphasizing that the goods are a third party, and the third party cannot be restrained.
Order number: 503-4265464-1830254.
The page size options I bought at the beginning were 7c, 8, 9c. At that time, I thought this was a trap. I called Nichia’s Chinese customer service and told me that 8 was 8c. However, I found that it was only 8cm when the product returned to China. I think this is completely a trap deliberately set to trap Chinese people (according to Amazon's after-sales service). Now there is no such option on the viewing page.
Chinese customer service: Sorry for the loss, we give you two ways:
1. You return the product, and the buyer bears all shipping costs.
2. If you do not return the goods, we will compensate you 1,000 yen.
(Let me do the math, the shoes cost more than 4,000 yen, which counts as 200rmb, choose 1, I don’t have shoes, and the loss is 200 yuan.
Choice 2, I have shoes, and finally compensated me 2,000 yen, and the final loss was 150rmb. Customer service: We have recorded it, and we will deal with it seriously. The next day, I replied an email, saying that I would not accept the mediation of the Chinese customer service. It is over.
I proposed: when the purchase page has confusing options such as 7c, 8, 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me tell me that Japan’s common codes do not include c, similar to 140, but you guys have gone to other caterpillar pages to look at it?
There is a mix of US and Japanese sizes.
Besides, why do you put 8cm between 7c and 9c, it is obviously the smallest size, what do you mean by putting it there.
Chinese customer service: We provide Chinese service, but we don’t know that you are going to ship it back to your country, so we will not compensate for your shipping cost.
I don’t understand this logic again. I’m Japanese, and I still need Chinese customer service. China living in Japan doesn’t need Chinese customer service. Visitors to Japan don’t have the skills to make international long distance calls. Then the question arises, who needs to call? Amazon's overseas purchases of Chinese phones are nothing more than day-to-day shopping like me.
Isn't Amazon's Chinese customer service just convenient for those of us overseas shopping?
Not very satisfied with this purchase
This is the second time I bought Pampers diapers from Amazon. I bought a box of diapers when my baby was 2 months old. I chose diapers made of paper imported from Europe. I was quite satisfied with the first purchase experience. The baby used them all night One diaper can indeed satisfy 12 hours without changing diapers.
But this time I bought L size diapers, there are 2 packs in a box and they are packed separately. After opening, I feel that the paper is loose, which is obviously different from imported Pampers. After using it for babies, it is not bad. There is no leakage of urine or signs of rash.
But when it came to the second pack of diapers, a rash appeared on the inner thighs of the baby immediately after using it, and it hasn't faded yet.
I suspect that the quality of the 2 packages in 1 box is not the same.
Should not continue to buy in the future!
Hope to pay attention to the transportation protection of the package
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen since I have been shopping online for a long time. There are no protective measures at all. Cushioning foam, wrapping cushioning layer materials, etc., nothing.
Just a deformed box.
Moreover, the soft plastic box inside was packed, and the card box was pressed open and deformed.
I hope that the quality of the genuine product is guaranteed, and I will not dare to buy things from Amazon in the future.
I would rather be half as expensive in China and have a guarantee.
And the product packaging problem, I read the comments in 2016, someone commented on it, and it is still the same in 19 years.
It shows that Amazon does not pay attention to service feedback at all, and it is far behind domestic JD.com and Tmall.
Beautiful, but a little sad
I really like the color of the whole cup, orange-red. Although my family is a boy, I still think orange-red and yellow are very eye-catching.
It's smaller than I thought, but it's meant to be taken out, so it's acceptable.
I took it home and tried it last night. After the bottle cap was pushed off, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close. Because the position of the straw is vertical, my son always had to hold the protrusion on the cap to drink water. , I think this place can be improved.
It seems that it makes sense for other brands of straw cups to tilt the straw. Children's things really care about safety and comfort.
Portable and large capacity
I like that it is light and has a large opening, but two separate compartments are a bit redundant for me, and I don’t know what to pack.
After buying it, I found that there is another brand that is very similar on Overseas Buy Meiya, and it is less than 200 yuan.
Fake, fake is very powerful
Amazon sells fakes, and I'm convinced too.
The customer service said that the product cannot be returned because it has been used. How can I know it is a fake if it is useless?
I am sad because of trust. After all, it is a product for wiping your face. You should really go to a physical store to buy it. It is admitted that it is more expensive.
Because it is a spike, so I didn’t read the comments. I have submitted it to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let’s defend our rights together.
broken?
Fake?
All in all tragic.
When I used the second piece, the pores were fine, but when I opened it, there was a strange smell. I thought it was normal, because I hadn’t used this one before, and then I couldn’t stand it when I put it on my face. It smells very strong. , It’s indescribable, so smoked that I immediately coughed out, my eyes hurt, and tears flowed, so I took it off immediately to wash my face.
Buxinxie opened another slice of the same type, it doesn’t have such a strong smell, and it’s being applied now.
In retrospect, it kind of smells like bad perm water in a hair salon.
It's really unimaginable, is it difficult for Amazon's self-operated skin care products to be avoided from now on?
profiteer
When I bought it, the event page said that I would give away the "Complete Works of Three-Body Problem" when I spent 99 yuan. When I received the goods, I didn't have this gift. I called the customer service and said that I would show them the screenshots of the event at that time. The question is who bought something and saved the screenshots of the webpage. You need customers to provide you with the activities you have done yourself. Buyers should be careful next time and keep the evidence.
Feeling after use
This is the first time I bought something on Amazon. I have a few points of experience. Let me talk about the feeling of using up the product first. The first thing is that it is painless and has no irritating taste. Overall it is very good. Wait for 8 minutes It will fall off after wiping left and right, but there will be a small amount of hair residue on it, which cannot be seen unless you look closely, so overall it is good. As for after using it once, you need to continue to observe, and you will know if you continue to use it.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
The second is to place an order on the 27th and receive the goods on the 12th, a total of 15 days, which is half a month. The service attitude of Amazon's delivery staff is also very good.
Third, don’t believe Amazon’s Black Friday. If you place an order on Friday and wait for 2 days, it’s nearly 12 yuan cheaper, which means I bought it for more than 170 (plus shipping). The price feels kind.
The customer service said that the price fluctuates. I have paid attention to the price for more than 10 days, and the price is like this, and the fluctuation is not big.
Affordable price, made in Japan, with Chinese label, with granules, definitely repurchase!
There are granules in the paste, the refreshing feeling is just right, and the teeth are smooth after use. It is much better than a second-hand product. It says that it is imported, but many things do not have Chinese labels. I don’t know where they are wholesaled from.
In the future, as long as Amazon has it, I will never go to second-hand stores again.
Give me a suggestion, why sometimes the listing on Amazon’s app can’t be posted, I hope to improve some apps, and it will do better and better!
Excellence has been getting worse and worse over the years, and there is no service quality at all!
Garbage Excellence has a special delivery time of 19:00-22:00 when placing an order regardless of customer needs.
Because there are elderly people who are inconvenient to stay in bed after surgery, it is only convenient to receive the mail at night.
It turned out that it was delivered directly to the door at 12:00 noon, without calling in advance.
If the delivery time is that your courier can deliver it at any time he wants, why bother to make a time for the customer to choose?
If your own logistics can't guarantee the service, then don't do e-commerce at all!
Let an old man with 3 wounds get out of bed and open the door to receive the courier, and he has to find change to pay!
Obviously there is a contact number on the order!
From the beginning to the end, no one called to give an explanation!
Joyo's so-called complaint customer service is a group of outsiders pretending to be there, perfunctory your complaint and then give you a so-called answer.
No change or compensation will be made!
I have encountered problems like this before, and I can bear it like the wrong delivery time, but this time I can't bear it, it's too much!
After the pre-sale of the new book arrived, the cover and the back cover were reversed, so there was an obvious quality problem, so you just closed your eyes and sent the book to the customer?
Leave a bad comment and no one will contact you.
Excellence has been getting worse and worse over the years, and there is no service quality at all!
Won't spend a dime on excellence again.
Picture quality is really unacceptable
As a title like "Ancient Atlas", the selection, typesetting, and printing of pictures in this book are really unacceptable. Some pictures even have mosaics, which are so blurred that they cannot be recognized.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is a small-format illustration, it should be worthy of the magnificent medieval documents left by the ancestors in the catalog!
(Besides, many pictures can be obtained from relevant industry resources in clear original files.) What is the difference between using such pictures to piece together books and not using pictures?
! I feel sorry for such a scholarly spirit.
There is no comment on the text, each family has their own differences.
Overall 2 stars.
I read this book when I was a sophomore in high school. I just read and played with boredom. I feel that I should not be addicted to such a book. After all, Qidian’s online articles were not very attractive to me in the past.
Then...it fell into the pit.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively relaxed and happy. In the first part, when Ye Xiu was still in the online game, even the intrigue between the guilds was not heavy at all because of Ye Xiu's blood.
As for the part about the competition, I wrote about the change of times and the alternation of old and new with a little bit of sadness (maybe I am sentimental).
It took me a lot of study time in the second year of high school to read the whole book, but I just couldn't stop.
Full-time's descriptions of characters and emotional lines are very amazing. Some characters are only brought in occasionally, and they will leave a deep impact on people. For example, the more focused characters Ye Xiu, Huang Shaotian and Su Mucheng have a large number of fans. Characters that are not in the writing center, such as Jiang Botao, Chu Yunxiu, etc. are also very likable. In an e-sports cool article, people can't find a character that is extremely annoying. This is a full-time success in character description .
As for the emotional line, there is no such thing as the 30 million beauties in the harem that are criticized by ordinary online articles. They are either beautiful or corrupt. Everyone's feelings in the full text have one thing in common, that is, they like the game of glory, and Most want to win with dignity.
There are small measures but no big conspiracy, everyone looks so innocent and cute.
This may also be why there are no annoying roles full-time.
The full-time IP is huge, and it is also due to this.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online writing, full-time is still a good book.
How much he will really provide people with some blood and a little touch.
In April of this year, full-time anime will be made.
In fact, I have been wanting to buy this set of books for a long time. Because my wallet is never thick enough, I didn’t make up my mind to start. Then when I wanted to buy it, I found that fakes are rampant on tb. In fact, the full-time recently released another version, the cover picture. I really like it myself, but I still plan to buy the old version first, so I checked on Amazon and bought a set at once.
Next, let’s briefly talk about the situation of the goods.
●There is no plastic cover for the fourth book, but the book is new.
●The seventeenth book is in the plastic package but was opened, the texture of the book is also very strange and it feels not as hard as others.
●The 23rd book is the same as the 17th book, but it is also harder than the 17th book, but it is very old.
●The publishers of individual books are different. It seems that the 23rd and 17th are the same publisher, which is different from the others.
●On the whole, it is quite satisfactory. There are 24 books in a large box, which is very satisfying.
lonely little lion
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as "The Lost Corner", but it turned out that there are a lot of words!
I read it three times before I finish reading this book to the children. A little lion who can shoot a gun, a little lion who loves to eat marshmallows.
When I saw the plot of the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urbanites can't accept the arrangement of being eaten by animals.
In the end, this little lion who succeeded in human society lost himself. He is no longer a complete lion, nor is he a complete man.
In the end, there was only the back of the little lion, and I don't know where he went.
Maybe many years later, the image of this little lion will still remain in the memory of the grown-up children, and if she is reminded of it inadvertently one day, it may touch or inspire her.
Great value for money portfolio
1. I didn’t know about TASCHEN before, but recently I bought a lot of their books, the reason is that they are too powerful, whether it is the topic selection or the production itself.
There have been 3 versions of this work. The largest version is the same as the complete works of Michelangelo, which is close to 50 cm long and 34 cm wide; the medium version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide; and this version is the smallest. It also comes with a book box for two volumes.
Personally, I think it is acceptable. First, the price is cheap, and more than 700 pages are divided into two volumes, which are easy to read as paperbacks. Second, it is different from Michelangelo’s complete works, which mainly consist of paintings. Da Vinci’s Black and white manuscripts account for the majority. For readers with limited budgets and non-art majors, this edition is the most cost-effective for appreciating paintings and manuscripts.
2. The explanation of the painting part is great, including composition analysis, draft analysis and historical background (such as the last supper), but I don’t know if it’s the printing or the size of the book. Some shadows are too deep, and the details can’t be seen clearly. Pity.
3. Compared with Michelangelo's manuscripts, Da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer in content.
The former is already a genius, while the latter's breadth of research and achievements are not enough to be described as geniuses.
If you could only understand half of Da Vinci by looking at the paintings before, you will be completely speechless after reading the manuscripts.
Garbage, whoever buys it will regret it!
I never give bad reviews, this is really rubbish, I bought a waste of money, give me a reason!
1. The travel time is inaccurate, suddenly it becomes January 1st, and the time returns to zero.
2. Inferior belts are not made of silicone, and the wrists are allergic to blisters.
3. Often can not connect to the mobile phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. The sleep detection is not displayed, and the time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. Others.
Logistics is too slow
It shows that it arrived on October 16th, but it was only received on the 21st, bad review!
The delivery is too bad. Shopping on Amazon is already slow, but I didn't expect it to be so slow!
overall satisfaction
I was worried about the packaging of the camera at the beginning, but this time it is fine. There is an inflatable bag inside. The three sizes of the camera are the same. It can also be registered on the official website. The number of shutter times is 0. The rest can only be tested by time.
The delivery speed is quite fast. I would like to complain about the courier brother here. The valuables are placed in the concierge, and they go fast. I can't open the box for inspection in front of him. I am really speechless about this.
The merchant has done it for the sake of customers before delivery :)
The merchant is more responsible, calling specifically to ask about the screen size of the camera used, which is indeed for the sake of the customer.
Delivery speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also very suitable and effective.
The battery is not fully charged
The machine is really good. I would like to ask why it is not fully charged after the first charge, and the charging indicator is always red.
At present, there is no official Amazon feedback channel, so I can only give feedback in product reviews.
1. On March 29, I purchased the book for 31 yuan through the pre-order channel, and it shows that it will be pushed to the device on March 31. At this time, the book cannot be previewed on Amazon’s official website (because it has not yet been released);
2. The content of the book that was pushed to the device on March 31 is blank, just stay tuned, and the price of the electronic version of the book on Amazon has been reduced to 18 yuan;
3. In the past two days, I have repeatedly tried to delete the downloaded blank book on the device and synchronize it again, but I cannot get the electronic version of "The Essence of Business" that contains the actual content, but I can see that the book can be previewed on Amazon's official website.
I have a few thoughts now
1. The price issue is actually not the most important thing. The key is how to replace the blank books on the kindle with books with actual content, instead of downloading them forever and saying "stay tuned"
2. The pre-purchased book should not be bought again in the future. After all, if the ticket is skipped, and then download a book with empty content, the procedure seems very complicated;
3. I hope that Amazon will provide a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When there are doubts about the download or use of e-books, there will be a place to give feedback (work orders and online customer service are both acceptable, and you can refer to Microsoft’s official mall for how to do it. of)
Not very recommended reading
I read it a long time ago, and I just happened to see Write some reflections from memory.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as it is a collection of fragments about love in life.
The style of this book is extremely flat, the kind of plain water, the choice of words and sentences pursues the ultimate simplicity, and the plot is as quiet and flat as a street in a summer afternoon.
Each short story is a sketch of a short period of time in ordinary life, with no beginning and no end.
Finally, they were collected together and titled "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love".
I think this collection of novels, and its title, is like a kind of performance art. What the author wants to express is that love is not only the joys and sorrows on the stage, the sea dryness and rocks in urban legends, and it is not just the glue between you and me. Not only the above should not be represented by the above, love is also a life as plain as water, boring day after day, there is also a loss of life, evasion of reality, and confusion of the future.
As you read this book, you may have in your mind images of the arguing couples around you, the dull marriages of people you know, and unfulfilling relationships.
That's why I don't recommend reading it, from an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of this book are boring, unless your life is rough or sweet like living in a candy castle, you will feel strange when you have to read it Not weird and boring.
In terms of the depth of thinking, the daily plots did not catch people's eyes or expand one's thinking and vision (this is different from Marquez's "Love in the Time of Cholera"), and the short clips did not explore any issues, such as What kind of mistake led to the failure of love?
What are the reasons for the breakdown of the protagonist's marriage?
So I don't recommend reading this book, it doesn't make much sense whether you read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed more through technique and genre than storyline, which is also the reason for the relatively poor reading experience of this book.
Suitable for rough reading, not close reading.
The logic of this book is good, but the content is not full enough.
It explains what and why many sales theories are, but it is weak in how to do it. It just points out the direction but does not give specific methods.
Plus, the book feels like a cobbled together piece.
For example, there are both domestic and foreign; there are well-known entrepreneurs or salesmen and unknown people.
I don't know if it is a story compiled for the sake of example, but it will be more convincing if some cases experienced by the author are given.
Change back and forth between customers and customers.
The title is still a customer, but the text becomes a customer.
There were also typos, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering in the e-book.
In short, this book is a good choice as an introduction to theory, but it is not suitable for those who are already engaged in sales and want to improve their sales level.
Quickly understand the guide book of Internet finance
This book is very shallow, it can be said that it is just an introductory course, which can help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but if you want to understand it in depth, you still have to follow the map and dig deep by yourself.
And the book was written earlier, and the later content of Alipay and WeChat’s subsidy war to cultivate user habits has not been mentioned. Today’s third-party payment share is probably not as small as the book said.
Nowadays, many people just bring a mobile phone when they go out to eat, and merchants have abandoned UnionPay because of the high bank turnover.
But I am very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It can be seen that the author has at least many years of experience in financial observation and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad. Therefore, he can write such easy-to-understand content.
It's easy to write Gao Dakong, but the hard thing is to write it in an easy-to-understand manner.
I appreciate you and want you to know more!
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not the level of salary, but whether he has received enough attention and appreciation at work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs theory, after people's basic survival needs are satisfied, the most urgent thing is to satisfy their psychological needs—hoping to be understood, affirmed, and appreciated.
Indeed, for Chinese people, most of them are "I love you hard to express", even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they will keep it silently in their hearts and will not say it.
In this book, the author expounds five languages of appreciation: words of affirmation, quality time, acts of service, desirable gifts, and physical touch.
I think the important thing is not that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can use these five languages from your heart to appreciate anytime, anywhere, and to be grateful to the people around you, whether it is family, friends or colleagues.
In fact, the closer people are, the more they need appreciation and gratitude, so that our lives will become better.
Learn to appreciate, and companies can also retain talents to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thanks to the translator for bringing us wonderful foreign thoughts and worlds.
Due to reasons such as Chinese and Western cultural backgrounds, there are more or less differences between languages. If you have the opportunity to see the author's original version, I believe you will gain more.
Thanks again to the authors, translators and editors for their hard work!
Suspected counterfeit goods, please review strictly by Amazon
The quality is super poor, the packaging is loose, no weight, not even as good as street stall products, no weight, no barcode, and the ten-bag packaging is also loose, which is not a characteristic of qualified products at all; it is the worst shopping experience on Amazon, and I have applied for a return; It is completely a quality problem; it is recommended that merchants keep their eyes open and refuse inferior goods; supplement: I bought a heart-to-heart, 23 yuan/10 rolls in the supermarket, and added a few comparison photos to further verify the fakeness of the product. Clearer references to avoid financial loss and further unhappiness!
Once again, I hope that Amazon will be meticulous and strictly control the source of products.
So-so product, not as expected
advantage:
1. Big brand, cheap price.
Advantage 2: The motor and the blade are guaranteed by PANASONIC, and it is OK to use, but there is a gap between my expectations.
shortcoming:
1. There is no indicator light for charging, which basically saves your power indicator. It is estimated that customers who buy products worth 300 yuan, in the eyes of Panasonic PANASONIC, are also charity and have no respect.
2. There is a strong smell When charging, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of burning plastic.
I tried it in the office for 1 day, and the whole house smelled like plastic.
Compared with the PHILIPS of the same price I have used before, although there is an extra cutter head, the quality of this Panasonic product is really sorry for consumers.
Small Package
When I received the express delivery and saw the e-commerce version on it, I knew it had fallen into the pit again. It was smaller than the one bought in the supermarket. It should be M. The packaging is different from the picture on the product introduction. It is called a new version.
The three stars are because I was sloppy and didn't read the product specifications clearly. I have no problem with you selling the M-size e-commerce version. What does it mean that your product is not the right version?
E-commerce routines are deep, so I still go to the supermarket to buy when I have time.
Just sauce purple.
don't like the taste
The child doesn't like the taste of toothpaste very much, and always says it's spicy. Maybe it's more appropriate to use another word to describe it. For the time being, this word is the only word in the child's vocabulary.
I bought it during an event and it was very cheap, so I am too embarrassed to give bad reviews, maybe four stars, but I won’t buy it again.
Authentic yo well packaged
The packaging is very complete, with an air bag inside, and there are no online reviews, only a bare product.
There is still a layer of plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle, as described in the picture, and the express delivery is also very fast. It arrived the next day after taking the photo.
It's genuine, but it's out of stock, and I don't know when it will be available again.
A bad shopping experience
I placed the order on Black Friday, but I waited for a long time and did not receive it. When I checked later, the package had already been signed for. I asked my colleagues and said that they did not sign for it. I quickly contacted the courier company, but said that the sender can only initiate an inquiry. I contacted Amazon's customer service and waited for more than ten days. I finally figured out that the courier was mistakenly delivered to someone else. After several rounds of turnaround, I finally got the courier back. The outer packaging has been removed, and the product is still intact. I don't know if it was used. No, it's pretty bad anyway
Wrong picture
I thought I could receive a headset like Figure 1, but unexpectedly I received a headset like Figure 2. It’s fine if the pictures are inconsistent, but what does it mean that the volume of the left and right earphones is different?
Although the names are the same, I still hope that everyone can pay attention to it. In addition, I also ask the person in charge of Amazon to replace the correct picture in time. Thank you very much.
general operating system
After using it for a period of time, overall the picture is not bad, I can’t feel any difference, but this system makes people look tangled, the boot time is obviously a bit slow, and I can’t make good settings, and the software I bring is not necessary. After commenting, the response speed is even more general, which is not an order of magnitude compared with that of my colleagues.
I read comments that it is very user-friendly design, but I didn’t find any human-friendly design. The commonly used remote control is up, down, left, right, and the position of the back button design is really not flattering.
So, just use it as a TV, and use it with a TV box and the like.
The price cut is too big
The price cut is too big, more than 100 yuan is now 99!
I have accumulated a lot of unevaluated orders on Amazon, so I use a copied paragraph as the evaluation content.
If I use this passage to evaluate, it means that this product has at least 85 points or more.
For poorer products, I will never be lazy enough to copy and paste reviews, so that other consumers will use them as a reference when purchasing, and the merchant will improve the quality of the product accordingly.
Low price and good line, this is enough if you don’t have a fever!
It is such a cheap cable, but it should have reached the hdmi certification standard. Compared with the domestic Akihabara bullshit (the price is twice as expensive), the cable body is thick and soft, and the 7-meter transmission has no noise. Look for Baseus for the low price line in the future!
Things are okay, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites
After placing the order, I found that I made a mistake, but I can't cancel the order. The webpage contact online customer service always shows the wrong link, and I can't get in touch.
After the delivery arrived, the delivery guy called me, and I said I don't want it anymore, but if I wanted to cancel the order, the delivery guy took it back, and said to sign for me first, and let me apply for a return.
When applying for a return, I was told that once the food is signed for, it cannot be returned, and there is no way to call Amazon customer service. The same is true, and the sign cannot be returned.
I have bought items from JD.com and Suning that cannot be returned under the policy, including milk, diapers, etc. I contacted the customer service and they were refunded, and JD.com’s diapers were too smelly after opening. I contacted the customer service and they still returned it. You can’t do it on Amazon.
Rules are dead, people are alive, contact your customer service, how to deal with it?
Tell me that I can either accept it myself, or let the courier buy it by himself. It is not easy for the courier. Why should I let the courier pay for something that I didn't buy?
Okay, I will not refund, I accept it myself, but I have to give 1 point to your service
Advise everyone not to waste money
First of all, I am looking forward to buying it. I think the Dole brand should not be too bad. After receiving it, I think the packaging is okay, and the size is not bad, but there is a box that is basically soft, which cannot be seen from the outside. , to feel, tasteless in the mouth after eating, bland and tasteless, the flesh around the bite is dark yellow, that is the kind that is broken, good and bad are sold together, and less than one-third of it can be eaten, Advise everyone not to buy, it is not cheap, the quality is too bad!
Gain wisdom by eating a pit, and never buy fruit from e-commerce again!
Where is the product anti-counterfeiting mark
The corner of the bottom of the bottle is severely dented, which should be caused by a strong impact. Judging from the outer packaging bag, the degree of ravages is worrying. After all, the food packaging is too simple, and it is still purchased internationally. Have you seen any obvious anti-counterfeiting signs? It is very easy to open the bottle. The key is that a layer of honey in the cap comes out directly. There is almost no adhesion when there is an opening. Are all foreign products like this?
Being born in China, I don't understand.
It should be genuine, right?
There is also a reminder that it will arrive on the 20th when I took the photo. This one was received on the 14th. This is my first overseas purchase here. I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe this is normal?
Pickup service could be improved
I bought a total of 5 delivery coupons. When I picked them up, I made an appointment to pick up 3 coupons for the first time, but only 2 coupons were sent. After many communications, it was confirmed that they were missed and they needed to be reissued after I agreed. The second appointment was just in time. On the last rest day, neither the website nor WeChat indicated the need to make an appointment on weekdays, which caused unnecessary panic. It is recommended to improve in the future.
good shopping
Good stuff!
I still believe in Amazon’s self-operated products. Now it’s very convenient to buy overseas, and the delivery time is only a few days longer than domestic ones. I have to say that Amazon’s customs clearance capabilities for overseas purchases to China are still very strong, which is faster than transshipment. Much faster, so many things are now purchased overseas.
I hope that the quality and price of domestic products can be better. Many things are domestically produced, but it is cheaper to buy them when you go out and buy them back home. I hope to improve.
Rubbish
Seeing such a package, I would like to ask everyone: Do you think it is rubbish on the side of the road?
A plastic fragile package is sent from the so-called Germany in a plastic bag. Is such a package responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is like packing garbage. When I bought this product, the packaging was very simple. There was no measure to prevent damage. It was just a simple plastic bag. When I got it, the package was completely deformed and the items inside were also damaged.
If I only come across one like this, I will recognize it and buy a few that are like this. I contacted Amazon customer service, and the customer service said that it can be refunded, but the shipping fee will be paid in advance, and then the shipping fee will be returned to me in the form of a gift card.
Let me ask, I pay the shipping fee in cash, and you give me a gift card back. This means that I have to buy your gift card by myself. I have to post the product to the warehouse in Germany. This is not a crime for buying a product!
And I have been telling the customer service that who is responsible for such a problem, but the customer service does not say a word is their responsibility, and dare not even take responsibility for a half sentence. What kind of guarantee is there for such after-sales service? Planted! But I guess my evaluation, Amazon will not give a chance to publish it, so I will delete it directly!
The quality is very good 5 stars, the logistics is very poor
1. The quality is very good, the price is moderate, and the price is excellent.
2. Strong, sufficient materials, firm solder joints, proper surface treatment, and good color.
3. The logistics is flawed. The order was placed on the 3rd and arrived on the 11th.
4. If Amazon didn't mark the expected delivery date as February 7th, I might be very satisfied.
5. But marking the expected arrival time is equivalent to giving the user a promise. When the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user will feel very uncomfortable.
6. If you are not sure of making a promise, don't make a promise.
7. In fact, I am very concerned about the promises made by merchants.
8, so, I scored low.
gold thread will fade
The effect is still there, but whether the feeling is obvious or not depends on the individual or the psychological effect.
One thing that is not so good is the gold thread. It was originally designed to look good, but in fact, the gold thread will fade. If you put it on the car, if you move it a few times, there will be some gold dust in your hands and on the car.
Hope the product can be improved.
This kind of square shape has no decorative effect, so don't put gold wires on it. It will be troublesome if it falls off and stains the car.
The items are in good condition and the speed is OK. They are divided into 2 packages and packaged differently.
The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but it is divided into 2 packages for 2 pieces, and the packaging is different. Obviously, one is too shock-proof, with thick cardboard attached, sealed with a layer of plastic, and the outer packaging is also easy to disassemble. The other is domestic. It is like a courier box, and it only takes a few cushioning airbags. , It feels a bit perfunctory.
Airland mattress is really good
The 34CM mattress is not so thick, you can just sleep on the mattress without the bed.
The quality is very good, whether it is the front or the back, it is quite soft, the sleep is very comfortable, and I fell asleep quickly when lying on it.
After receiving the mattress, there were two spots of stains due to violent express delivery. Airland customer service was very responsible, and they contacted and solved the problem efficiently.
It's not a self-operated product, Amazon is shameless
The page is clearly marked as self-operated. In fact, it is delivered by the supplier, and the supplier is responsible for the after-sales. If there is a problem, contact the supplier yourself.
If you want to cancel the order, I’m sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier and cannot be canceled; if you want to return the product, you have successfully applied for a return on Amazon. Sorry, no one cares about you, you need to contact the supplier to return the product yourself.
What kind of self-operated product is this damn.
The product is not delivered by Amazon, and Amazon does not take responsibility for the after-sales service. The customer service even said "I will help you contact the supplier" and claimed that it is self-operated. It is shameless, shameless, and blatantly defrauding consumers!
Depressed experience
The filter element I bought online from another store before has a good filtering effect. After 28 days, I use it for an extra day or two and there is no scale.
Since the quality of things purchased on Amazon has been good, this time I thought about buying here. It is the first time to buy a filter element on Amazon. , there will always be small black toner suspended, I really don’t know whether to continue to use it, or just throw it away, very depressed~
not as good as expected
Compared with the plug-in boards I have used in the past, the external workmanship is average, and the internals have not been disassembled. I hope it is as described by the store. From the perspective of ease of use, there is no indication of whether each independent unit is powered on.
The packaging is damaged, wait for time to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is seriously damaged, and the box inside seems to be new, but the manual does not seem to be new. It was only renovated in September, and the stock is in stock. I hope it will not be broken by then. Please explain why several customers mentioned it The packaging is damaged, but you can deal with it safely, thank you!
Overall good, a little problem
This is the first time I bought a water filter jug. After reading a few evaluation articles, I felt that LAICA was more cost-effective, so I chose this one. I received the product and installed the filter element according to the instructions. The raw water will be mixed with the treated water from the spout (the raw water tank is not tightly sealed).
When using, be sure to wait for all the water to be filtered before pouring it out!
incomplete picture
The picture does not show the details of the side. The details of the side are not consistent with the style of the main body. There is a big difference. This is one. Thirdly; when I bought it in the UK, it was clear that each item had its own box. There was only a simple plastic bag here, and there was no product logo on the beads. How could I judge whether it was true or not.
Be cautious when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service sucks
I placed an order two days ago, and when I received it today, I found that the price was reduced by 40 yuan. It took me a lot of time to find the customer service. The customer service said that I could not make up the difference, and I could re-buy and return the product.
This kind of customer experience and service is really 10,000 times worse than that of a certain treasure.
It's okay, as a novice, it's worth starting
The quality is decent, not comparable to the best King Kong. I have seen the price in the mall before, at least several hundred. This is my first time playing King Kong, and it’s okay.
something good
The item is really good, I gave it to my girlfriend, but I was a little unhappy when I was not around at noon to get the express delivery. The logistics company directly put the mail in the treasure and did not send me a verification text message for picking up the package. , caused me to run twice.
But baby is really good.
worth buying
The little monkey is cute, and Amazon offers great discounts. The official website of Chow Sang Sang ships the goods directly. I placed the order the night before yesterday and received it this afternoon. It's really fast.
Postal couriers are also responsible.
Thumbs up!
A customer's confession
1 If you receive such a defective product, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service staff in the middle, they will tell you that this problem will be dealt with by a specialist, and he will inform you of the result.
You will never take the initiative to contact this commissioner, you don’t know her job number, and there is no direct contact phone number, that is, you can’t contact her, only she can contact you.
3 The tragedy is that after waiting for nearly 3 days, the commissioner contacted me. I left my mobile phone for a while, but did not receive a call from the commissioner.
I waited for 2 hours but did not get a call from the specialist. During this period, I took the initiative to contact Amazon customer service and sent an email to the customer service to ask her to call me back.
4 Nearly 3 days have passed and I still don't know what Amazon will do with the defective coffee machine I received!
5 There is no problem with the products of Amazon in the United States. The shopping method of overseas shopping is good, but the service compared to the United States and Asia is far worse.
6 For me I just have to keep waiting...
Uneven bottom
Because the comments are very good, everyone is looking forward to this pot. I like it very much when I got it. It is very light, but when I opened the pot, I found a problem. The bottom of the pot is not flat. If it is sunken, the oil has gone to the periphery. The specially bought large fat meat in a pot is fried so much oil that it can't cover the central area.
I don’t know if I was unlucky, and I just got a pot with a bad foundation. Fortunately, Amazon provides a one-month return service, so I returned it decisively.
I brushed the pot clean and returned it, and I was busy for a long time in vain.
Good product design needs matching manufacturing process to realize
This is a product with a very simple design style.
In the shape of a cube, the designer turned the top into a slightly curved surface.
It should have been very smooth lines.
It's a pity that the final effect was not realized.
Because there are two parts on the top, the front is the control panel, and the rear water tank top cover.
The curvature of the top cover and the curvature of the control panel are actually inconsistent, and there is a height difference of up to 2mm after the combination.
Although it looks like a small gap.
But it can be said that the entire sense of design has been destroyed.
I feel sorry for the product designer.
It seems that Midea's product managers are not yet able to create products of this level.
(Of course, I can’t ask too much for the feedback from the after-sales lady, but when I heard the after-sales said that all individuals of this product are like this, not only the one I bought has problems, her disapproval and truthful emotions made me I understand that you can't ask too much for Midea) On July 7, 2019, the water pump failed and the water output was small. It has been repaired for the second time, and it broke again two weeks after the first repair.
Good deal after discount, sad for Amazon fake discount
Purchased a week after the baby was born, the insulation is super strong.
There is no trace of heat on the outside of the pot, even if you are not afraid of being scalded, it can effectively protect the temperature from escaping.
The air-conditioned room can still maintain a high temperature after a night.
Amazon said that there are 320 big discounts for the anniversary event. Later, I found that everyone had 249, 289, 299. I felt cheated instantly, but I went to the supermarket and compared it.
Vitamix 6300
I have been waiting and watching for a long time, and I saw that Meiya 6300 is discounted, and Central Asia overseas purchases are at the same price, so hurry up.
I placed an order on September 2, and it was expected to arrive on the 21st, but it arrived on the 12th, almost 10 days in advance, and the speed is really fast!
The packing box is not big, and the original packaging of Vitamix is directly used, and Amazon is not afraid of breaking it when it is thrown across the ocean!
The machine looks quite new with complete accessories, but the cup shakes so badly on the base that I am afraid that the cup will fly out when the machine is turned on!
I asked a friend who has 5200, and he described it as not as loose as mine.
The accompanying recipes are all in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I can’t find a Chinese version on the Internet, which is a hassle!
After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer. It is estimated that it will arrive in 3 days, and then I will toss it!
Too small, no umbrella cover, and the material is average.
Not a queen size at all!
The second Totes, 1. This one has no umbrella cover 2. The material of the umbrella handle is average. 3. It is clearly written as Large, but it is actually a convenient umbrella for one person. It is probably not enough for two people.
On the contrary, the one I bought in Meiya before can be used by three people without any pressure.
not feeling well
The first is that the box is not very strong, and it will be deformed when you press it. The second is that the rear design prevents the ABS on the box from scratching when it is placed flat. Come out.. Wait, all kinds of dissatisfaction, and finally the zipper is a bit not smooth.
PS: The wheels feel really good
Well enough
Advantages: This backpack is more delicate and looks durable.
Disadvantages: The QR code on the card cannot be scanned (what the hell), the 15.6-inch notebook cannot fit (it can be a little longer), the zipper of this backpack can be locked, but there is no lock for the buyer , can not be described as service-oriented.
The overall is okay, I don't know if it is genuine leather
The overall feeling is not bad. I don't know whether it is genuine leather, so I can't make a blind evaluation.
It can hold A4-sized documents, even those with a thickness of more than 80 pages, but it may not be able to hold box-shaped objects that are too thick and hard (not deformable).
The bag is very soft, and the inner bag partition is more user-friendly, which is quite good.
It's just that there is a small trachoma on the bottom of the one I got. I don't know if it's my bad character or?
Too lazy to toss back and forth to exchange goods, bear it.
Overall, four stars are worth it.
ForRoyal popular camera strap SLR strap around the world
This strap is designed more scientifically, hanging on the shoulders, practical, and the chest is fixed and protected with soft material, unlike other fast gunners who use screws to fix the bottom to hurt the camera, and it is also very convenient to take off the camera.
Garbage after sale
The piano I bought a month and a half ago was missing a part. After notifying Amazon, they gave me an after-sales phone number. After many communications, the part has not been received yet. What is the efficiency of this?
It is estimated that it will be more troublesome to repair if there is a problem in the future. Friends who are looking forward to the after-sales service should make a detour, it is too much trouble!
Minor flaws, good sound
The headstock is defective, a corner is missing, it feels like a defective product, and there are no gifts, but the price is good, and the sound of the piano is also good.
It's okay, the first face sheet
It has been used for a long time, except that the bass is not coming out, the overall is not bad.
It's just that the workmanship is not as perfect as expected.
When I bought it for the first time, something was wrong, all the lights were blinking, and it didn't work.
I asked for a replacement, but it took three days for the goods to arrive in Shanghai, and they still haven't been delivered.
Calls to the delivery person are not answered.
The courier company said they only had that contact.
Amazon can't find a place to complain.
I didn't ask for it, and in the case of delayed delivery, I somehow delayed the delivery according to my request-such a text message came.
Later, I will talk about the transit problem.
Anyway, the extremely poor shopping experience began to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.
Probably won't get it today.
The label is too sticky and not waterproof
Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and there is no film on the surface; and the label is very sticky, it is not good for cable labels, and it is very easy to fall off. Friends who buy it for organizing cables should pay attention.
The pen is okay, but the package is too simple, just a cardboard box, without any protection measures, and the pen box is glued with a large piece of transparent glue, and the glue is all on the box when it is torn off.
The six hundred yuan thing is treated like this, a very disappointing shopping.
But the pen is fine.
Hope to improve on the packaging in the future!
The quality is not good. If it is about writing, it is not as good as 925-25
Let’s praise Tiantian Express first, the air mail is super fast, and the service attitude is also very good!
I have been using 925-25, which is very good. I just received 925-85. The quality of the pen is excellent, and the style is also very beautiful. The reason why I gave it four stars is because the pen is a bit heavy and not suitable for fast writing. The cap can adjust the lead length The place is a little wobbly, personal opinion: 925-25 is smoother than 85.
So become a diehard Amazon fan
I bought it at a super discounted price, but the child didn't like the reading pen.
It has been unpacked, and I tried to apply for a return, and it was picked up for free.
Too awesome.
Returns are not advocated, but such a service is the only one in China.
Hope not to be abused.
All future books will be moved to here to buy.
Headphones are skewed and there are noises
This headset is really rubbish, I don't know if there is something wrong with my ears, or this headset is really not as good as before.
I bought a blue one from Xyiyi two years ago. The sound quality is not bad, there is no noise and the bass is also good. After using it for more than two years, I plan to buy another one (urbeats), after all, it feels good.
I also saw a purple one which was pretty good-looking, but I bought this one and opened it today, and I felt something was wrong.
At first I thought it was the sound effect of the song and didn’t think much about it, but after listening to it for a long time, I realized that the problem was very serious. Not only the pitch deviation, but also the bass effect was not as good as my previous one. There was also some noise. Does the purple one I bought have this phenomenon? Or is the manufacturing process of earphones really not working now?
Pretty poor rating, very disappointed.
It must be returned during the day tomorrow.
PS looks good
This AV power amplifier has complicated settings, rough appearance and high heat generation.
The sound will take a while to comment!
I just bought the German version of DN1080 on August 14. I saw that the workmanship is poor.
1. The front panel and the knobs are all made of plastic.
2. The audio input socket on the rear panel and the speaker output terminal are very poor. Just find a 1000-2000 CD power amplifier all-in-one machine, which is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is relatively thin, and the side of my transformer was sunken. I had to unpack it and restore it by hand. The combination of the top cover and the front panel was loose.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is biased towards the transformer end, which is very awkward when moving.
It feels like an entry-level machine from SONY, just made in Malaysia.
I feel that it is much better for Sony to be an OEM in China than Xiaoma.
5. The machine generates a lot of heat, and the top cover of the two-channel movie for about 2 hours is 40-50°C when you touch it with your hands. I don’t know if the transformer is too large and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, switching power supplies are mostly used. This stupid big transformer is estimated to be 4KG.
Sony should use a silent fan that actively dissipates heat in the machine. After opening the box, only the large aluminum heat sink on the tube can be seen.
Xiaogui
FANDUN JEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise integrating R&D, design, processing, production, marketing and trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing. It is a young enterprise that is developing vigorously.
FANDUN JEEP clothing pays attention to the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introduces international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and builds a domestic first-class clothing production line.
Maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, benefit and public welfare.
In terms of information construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of product flow, logistics and information flow, so that the enterprise's comprehensive management capabilities have been strengthened and improved, and the overall modern management level of the enterprise has been improved.
The company adheres to the business philosophy of "integrity, harmony, quality and excellence". The products are based on the domestic market and are favored by customers.
Fandun Jeep clothing, because young, so confident!
We sincerely welcome customers from home and abroad to cooperate with us and create brilliance together!
Entrepreneurial spirit: aggressive, keep pace with the times, service purpose: customer first, sincere dedication, corporate mission: lead the trend, establish a brand.
never opened
The battery is active.
I really want to dissect it and see what is in its stomach.
Thinking about it later, if you are disappointed after dismantling it, it would be too unfair to spend so much money; if you are satisfied after dismantling it, it will be difficult to reassemble it, and it will be uncomfortable to use.
Forget it, even if Sony uses good batteries.
As for the detailed description of the power, most people will feel guilty when they look at it.
Fortunately, I have worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time. Apart from not understanding circuits, I can be regarded as half a battery engineer, and I can stand it.
Overjoyed
Before I bought it, I was really unsure, until I opened the package and I felt very positive!
Finally, when I touched the headphone cable, it felt very flexible and the quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and open qq music.
I was shocked, the sound quality turned out to be surround 3D!
I asked in the physical communication store, about 30 or so, but it is definitely not the Pinsheng brand, it is a miscellaneous brand, so although this Pinsheng is 27 yuan, it is absolutely worth having for the price!
worst online shopping experience
After the order was placed on September 28, the system showed that it had been shipped, but the goods were not received until October 12.
Check the Amazon order status, the seller did not provide the express tracking number, so I can't find out where the order is.
So I sent an email to the seller to ask if I could provide the express tracking number, but there was no reply after two days.
In desperation, I called Amazon customer service. The customer service told the seller's mobile phone number. I called the store again.
Although I was very angry, but because the computer was urgently needed, I didn't tell the seller much. I just sent it to me immediately.
As a result, I called the next day to ask, has it been shipped?
The seller said not yet, it will be shipped in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon, and the seller said that it would be shipped after five or six in the afternoon, but when I called at seven in the evening, no one answered the phone.
On the morning of the third day, I called again and asked if the goods had been shipped?
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said he didn't send it, and told me that if I was in a hurry, let me order from another store, and if I could wait, I would send it in the afternoon.
No way, it takes a long time to place an order from another store.
Just ask the seller to ship it quickly.
Finally, after countless phone calls, I received the computer on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because I bought it for someone else, I will add comments later.
I just bought it for half a year and haven't used it a few times, and now it has a bad contact. I ask if it can be repaired?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven't used it a few times since I bought it.
I just carry it in my business bag and use it a few times.
Recently, it was found that when the power was turned on, it was not charging. It was necessary to hold the connection between the charger and the cable a few times with your hands to charge it.
It is suspected that the interface is poorly connected. I wonder if it can be repaired now?
It is strongly recommended that Amazon disable EMS!
Five-star product, one-star logistics, average three-star.
I don’t understand why Amazon wants to send EMS. It is recognized in the industry as unreliable. Well, computers are valuables anyway!
After buying, the order shows that it is expected to be delivered on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days!
Why does it take four or five days to send it from Xiamen to Fuzhou!
On the morning of the 22nd, I checked the logistics and finally arrived in Fuzhou. I was ready to receive the goods happily. As a result, I checked the logistics at night without receiving any calls or text messages.
I was instantly shocked!
who I am? where am i Did I really buy this computer?
It's almost doubtful that life is alive!
Finally, I went to the collection point to move the computer back.
The specific reason is simply because the courier brother reversed the two tracking numbers, but fortunately the item is not lost.
I strongly recommend Amazon not to use EMS. If Amazon uses EMS to send express in the future, I will definitely not buy it again.
The goods are not bad
First of all, I just bought it a few days ago and found that the price has been reduced. Bad reviews, the book is not bad, and the price is high. The cpu and graphics card are enough for mainstream online games and quite a few large single machines. The heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a bit light leaking (ips screen) Common problems), the sound quality is not very good, the hard disk is not good (it is recommended to spend some money to add a solid state), I took it to the after-sales service yesterday to test the hardware, there is no problem, the built-in win8.1 is not very easy to use, it is recommended to upgrade to 10. The seller delivered the goods quickly, and answered all inquiries very quickly. The invoice arrived the next day after receiving the computer. Not bad, but unfortunately there are no gifts
(By the way, you must not go to a store called E Cool Digital Center in a certain treasure to buy keyboard film. The delivery is slow and the quality is poor. If there is a problem with the product, it will not be returned or exchanged. The boss is full of bad words. Let me expose it)
Things are good, platform bureaucracy remains
The quality of the hard disk is very good, and the price/performance ratio is absolutely high. It is cheaper than buying in Hong Kong. If you are not in a hurry and can bear the logistics, it is definitely recommended to buy.
But what I have to say is that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same. It has not improved from when I swore I would never use it a few years ago. You will never find out the actual logistics status. The information will always be delivered after a few weeks, and you can never complain. That’s it. bureaucracy!
It has been a few days since the goods were received, and the logistics information is still 10 days later, you will receive the goods!
Logistics worry
When it was delivered like this, not only the packaging was flattened, but also the packaging of electrical appliances was opened. I don’t know if there is any package change.
FYI
Haven't tried it yet, always trust Philips, hope the battery life is longer than other brands.
I checked online, it may be a common problem of water ingress, and there is no warranty.
depressed!
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it, how long will it last?
Bought someone else disassembled
The tax of more than 100 for a machine of more than 300 is indeed relatively high. It seems that it is more balanced now that it is more than 600.
When I received it, the condition of the sealing tape was very wrong, as if it had been disassembled, so I quickly took a photo, and sure enough, it opened as soon as it was torn off. After opening, the cardboard inside was still damaged. I was worried that it was returned by someone else. On the anniversary day, I hurriedly tried it on my husband, but the machine didn’t have any electricity at all. Fortunately, there is no beard stubble in the cutter head. Otherwise, I will return it all the way!
It is unknown whether it will be easy to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term. Like the previous evaluation, the things sent out when they are out of stock are really unreliable!
Moderate to upper level of experience
It is almost a top-level electric, and there are many cleaning modes, but few people will change their brushes in different modes every day.
I have used it for half a year without any problems. I brush it every day, and flush it on Monday for more than one week.
Brush head accessories are just as cheap on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use, except for changing the color, other seemingly compatible issues are the reasons for the overseas version?
I hope to learn Dafa.
very cost-effective
Have used it 3-4 times.
1. The packaging is intact.
2. It is very easy to use and easy to clean.
3. It is completely possible to DIY haircut and save money.
All in all, a very successful purchase.
There are fakes
The last time I bought two packs, there were actually two different versions. Originally, the words on the lower left corner of the pack were green, but it turned out that one pack was not, and the words were white. As a result, the cat got diarrhea after eating it.
I am not sure whether Amazon's source of goods is fake, or it was replaced by an employee during delivery.
I will buy it again, if it is still a fake, I will find you relevant people to hold it accountable.
It's horizontal!
There are slashes on the Amazon picture, but the result is a horizontal slash, isn’t that a lie?
The effect is not bad
Cats like to eat, that's the point.
And it does work.
Tight, narrow, hoop feet, grind the instep.
Not recommended.
1. UN is the most comfortable series of clarks, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Addition: Today I compared the previous UN series insoles (throw away the shoes and keep the insoles), the material is much worse than before, the elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before, it is fake and soft.
2. The instep of my instep is not too high, and the cruciate part is about 3 cm forward from the highest point of the instep.
3. I bought three pairs of clarks overseas, and only one pair fits.
I was so scared that I deleted all the music in my favorites.
Go back and try rockport, if not, you can only go to the ecco physical store.
Shoddy, poor quality control
First of all, it is worth affirming that the Prime overseas purchase of Ups is very powerful. The order placed on the 31st was received on the 6th.
The color of the shoes is much better than the pictures, and the leather feels good.
The shoe size is a little bigger, 25 feet long, 10.5 wide, and 7.5W. The upper foot is a little loose, but I usually like to wear looser shoes, and a pair of insoles are just right.
Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not flattering. One sole has damaged rubber, and the other has various scratches and a pinhole on the upper. The rubber strip at the connection between the upper and the sole is misplaced. !
I regret it a little!
I bought it for 280 yuan for the event. It is quite a bargain to buy ASICS at this price. Of course, there are lower prices in the comments.
Now let’s talk about the shoes. Advantages: The shoes are very light, comfortable for running, and fit well without being baggy.
The appearance is very good, but the disadvantages are also obvious: I usually wear 40 shoes, but this time I bought 40.5 shoes, and there is about a thumb's distance from the front of the shoes, but this does not affect anything.
This shoe is very "narrow", although there is still a distance in the front, it feels tight.
Another point is that the shoes may not be well ventilated, and it feels hot to wear now.
Press the instep
First of all, the workmanship of the shoes is very good, and it is worth the price.
My feet are very standard, running shoes uk7.5, eu41.5, leather shoes uk6.5, I have also bought a few pairs of Amazon's love step, and there has never been a problem, but this pair I refer to the reviews and buy a freshman Size uk7, the length of the upper foot is obviously longer because it is one size larger, but because the insole is too thick, it still presses the back of the foot very hard, and the hiking shoes are very hard, which makes the upper foot very uncomfortable.
If your feet are not particularly thin, it is not recommended to buy this one.
If you have to buy it, you can change the insole, but the original insole looks very high-end, so it’s a pity not to use it.
A very perfect shopping!
I am very satisfied and like it very much. There is no doubt that Amazon’s overseas purchases are genuine products, and the quality is also very good. It is of high quality and low price. You can rest assured that you can buy it. The after-sales service is very thoughtful. The door-to-door express delivery is very convenient and safe, and the delivery master is very considerate of customers. Every time, he will remind you to pick up the goods from the express cabinet in time. Thank you Amazon for providing customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
All in all, our whole family likes shopping overseas on Amazon!
Absolutely bad review!
I am really speechless about this agency and Amazon.
Be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon in the future.
Although it's been a long time, I still have to complain.
I bought it in a spike in winter, less than 200, and it is useless to keep it at home for a few months.
When I was going to use it in the spring, I found that I couldn’t connect to the bracelet. Both device manuals expressed their support for each other. Later, I found out that it should be a problem with the heart rate belt, because I still couldn’t connect to other devices.
I called Amazon and asked me to contact the agency, and the agency asked me to send the device to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After nearly half a month, the things were sent back intact, even the express box was the one I used to send it over!
There is no reply, receipt or test report!
Anyway, tell me whether it is good or bad!
I called to ask, and said that sending it back in this way means that there is no problem with the equipment, which is good.
But why I still can't connect, the agency replied: That's not their business.
I'm unlucky, I'm too lazy to be tossed by you for a 200 yuan thing.
Seriously wrong.
Very out of stock.
The headband material is good.
Much better than nike.
Breathability is also very good.
Just the cap on the front.
very fine.
Are you here for a joke?!
Completely out of the sun.
No returns because it functions well as a headband.
Although it can't cover the sun if it is worn upwards.
But it is different from other headband styles.
Save it.
The quality of the product is good, Amazon lacks the spirit of the contract, and the delivery guy is very good.
I request delivery on Saturday and Sunday!
Amazon's regulations cannot deliver on Saturdays and Sundays.
It made me drive 200 kilometers from other places to come back to pick up the goods!
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery guy was very positive and enthusiastic.
give a thumbs up!
Product, just tried it, it's not bad.
But I haven't bought similar products before, so I can't compare prices!
Size Logistics
The workmanship is not bad, but the logistics is too slow. The previous shoes were all DHL. This time Apex is really... I have bought a lot of UA in China, and the price is not low. I feel that the grade is higher than NIKE ADIDAS?
In fact, they are all the same, so overseas shopping.
Size: I am 176CM tall and 68KG. My shoulder width is usually 180. I bought M, and the hem is slightly longer. Others fit well. I see that S size is recommended. Are you so slender? Still like tight fit? I think the hoodies should be looser.
Just the right size
Bust 99, height 184, weight 84 kg, I consulted the customer service before buying and was told that I should buy the xxl one, and then read the reviews and decided to buy the L one. After receiving the goods, I found that the size was just right, and I was almost cheated.
The price of Double Eleven is much more expensive than Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
The most affordable product problem is troublesome!
The order was placed on the 18th and the goods were received on the 25th. The speed from Guangzhou to Beijing is a snail!
I bought the most affordable product, and it was told in the description that there were scratches, but after receiving the product, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing!
The child was unwilling to return the product, thinking it was not a big problem, but the child's grandfather ran to several nearby hardware stores and couldn't buy such small parts as accessories!
Finally, grandpa glued it on!
It seems that I will not be able to buy the most affordable products in the future!
Toy processing quality is not good
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, and it is very laborious to install the bolts. It can be seen that the processing quality is not good, and I don’t know how long it can be played, because it is something promised to the child, so it will not be returned.
Other reviews said it was easy to install, so is this the only one I bought that has a problem?
very average
Is it my bad luck?
The packaging is too old; the workmanship is very ordinary; there is only one kind of music and it is only 8 seconds long and then repeats; the action is just shaking your head and walking forward without any change.
Not worth the price.
Urgent use, no return.
The quality of the toy is good, let me complain about the packaging
I received the courier yesterday. I bought it from Amazon. It was marked as EMS delivery. In the end, it was delivered by Tmall’s courier. How many turns did it take? Amazon and Tmall have a good relationship?
Let’s talk about the packaging again. It’s just wrapped in plastic wrap for a few layers. There’s not even a packaging plastic bubble wrap inside. When you open it, all the parts are placed in an empty box. Fortunately, the quality of the toy is good and there are no broken parts. , It is much smaller than imagined, because it is not equipped with a battery, and it often derails when pushing it by hand. It feels that the gap on both sides of the track is too large, and the design is unreasonable.
good quality and fun
It is very fun, the components are of high precision, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is similar to that of Lego, and the price is very favorable when doing activities.
The process of assembling is very interesting. I will do it, and my 5-year-old son will come to play. It is very good.
He was amazed and laughed again and again ~ he will probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.
The machine is new, overseas shopping is good
I checked it out for Christmas. The one I bought before was 150 yuan more expensive, but the delivery is a bit slower now.
The machine is still good, all quite new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then if you connect the poke ball, you will send a dream.
Playing well, it is more portable than ps4.
Already bought Zelda, waiting for the game to try again.
Produced bad goods, sold bad goods, turned out to be bad goods service, bought six watches to give to children, one of them showed incomplete numbers, and the time of the six watches was not consistent, with a difference of more than ten hours.
I contacted the manufacturer to ask if there is a checking time for the watch when it is put into storage? They replied "yes". It sounds ugly, look, the obvious quality problems (the numbers are not completely displayed) are all sold out, are they rubbish?
I contacted the seller, and the seller said a lot of reasons, and complained that they should not have bought their products at the beginning. With such a product, such a seller, and such after-sales service, who would dare to buy anything on Amazon in the future.
In short, I suggest not to buy things from this seller, it is also rubbish.
Amazon shipping issues
After receiving the goods, inspection found:
1. The watch packaging is seriously worn out.
2. The instruction manual of the watch has serious use wrinkles.
3. The watch does not run, and the desk lamp is not used for charging, so the time cannot be adjusted.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only mail to the United States at your own expense, and the postage will be paid later.
5. The reason for 2 points is that the customer service service is not bad.
just passable
The time is not very accurate, it is about one second faster every day, and it has been more than two minutes after only a few months of use.
I have used a piece of Citizen before, and I feel that it will not be a few seconds behind in a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is quite good, but the timing function is a bit tasteless, and it is basically not used. Occasionally, it will enter the timing mode by mistake.
Solar sports watch
Advantages: Solar charging does not need to worry about replacing the battery, it has world time, multiple alarms and hourly reminders.
Disadvantages: The mirror surface is easy to scratch and get dust.
Cost-effectiveness: The general price in China is between 220-300, and it can be purchased overseas for more than 180 (it takes about 1 week).
very satisfied watch
It must be authentic. I went to the counter to inspect the goods. The appearance of the watch is very beautiful, the workmanship is fine, the material is sufficient, and it is an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight. Those three or four hundred so-called mechanical watches cannot compare. This one is genuine.
The time of the watch is very accurate, and the error is completely within the acceptable range. There is a jewelry appraisal certificate in the packaging of the watch, and there is a real diamond on the 12 number on the dial.
Bentley watches are really good.
Worst shopping experience ever
On the night of September 23rd, my wife dropped her mobile phone. On a whim, I immediately ordered an 8p from Amazon. It was in stock, but it was not self-operated and there was no price increase (I was secretly happy). Since the non-self-operated delivery is relatively slow, the system shows that it is expected to be the latest Delivery is due September 27th.
My wife was so uncomfortable without a mobile phone. The next morning at 6:00 a.m., I was asked to think about a solution. Later, I went to Jingdong and saw that the 256G was in stock and could be delivered on the same day, so I had to order another one immediately.
After buying a new one, I thought about canceling the Amazon order immediately.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it was impossible to receive the courier in the early morning. I called the customer service after 7 o'clock and asked to cancel the order. The customer service replied that it has been cancelled, please wait for the SMS notification.
Well, I just waited patiently. When I checked my phone at noon, the order was still in the status and had not been delivered. I immediately contacted the customer service and asked to cancel the order as soon as possible. The customer service replied that the operation was OK.
At 3:00 p.m., I checked the order on my phone and saw that the order was still there. I had no choice but to contact the customer service again to make it clear that it was the third call. Please cancel the order and notify the seller not to deliver the goods!
At my request, the customer service contacted the seller on the spot and told me that the seller is not familiar with the system and will cancel the order after getting familiar with the system.
But tell me clearly that the seller already knows, and will never ship, please rest assured.
When I looked at the order display on Monday, it had already shipped, and I was also speechless.
Since I couldn't contact the seller directly, I had to call customer service again.
The subsequent processing was almost speechless. Basically, I said a step, and the customer service continued to operate.
The order is still in the delivery rejection status so far, and is preparing to send it again!
Wouldn't Amazon take the initiative to follow up?
It doesn't matter if the seller's company has collected the money anyway and doesn't follow up.
To sum up, there will never be prepayment for large items in the future. This is too troublesome.
looks good
I fell in love with this camera a long time ago, but I didn’t buy it because there were other reasons besides the price. This time, I bought it because it included free shipping and the price was okay.
After I bought it, there were no problems with other things, but when the software was connected, I couldn’t connect. My home is a TP router. After checking the Internet, I found that many people have this problem. After more than two hours, I made various changes. In the end, I used 360WIFI as the medium to set up the router. During the period, I called Xiaomi customer service, and they didn’t have any solution to this problem, so they asked me to contact Amazon for after-sales service.
Another point worth noting is that I saw user comments on the Internet saying that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, and the memory card with a smaller storage capacity cannot be recognized. I hope everyone pays attention to this point.
It feels okay to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is poor, and the machine has a certain degree of heat. If it is turned on all the time, it feels that this degree of heat is a bit unacceptable.
To sum up, this product still has many deficiencies, and I hope you will be cautious when buying it.
The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because I bought this with my first love in my life. We dated for almost 3 years, and left me last year just like that. Until now.
The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because I bought this with my first love in my life. Now I don’t know how much it has been used. Maybe throw it away!
We have been dating for almost 3 years, and just left me last year. When I think of her now, I want to leave this world with heartache. The first woman in my life has brought me a lifetime of shadow and heartache. can come out.
When I bought this mobile phone, I thought about how the two felt at the time. I could still share the joys and sorrows together, but now I can’t look back. Maybe life is like this. Some people don’t want to meet in a lifetime, and some things don’t want to know in a lifetime, but what how?
How many times when I saw Samsung mobile phone, I thought of her, and the pain filled my whole body. I was never willing to use a mobile phone worth more than 2,000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I didn’t hesitate No matter how good you are to someone, but one day when she changes her mind, all the vows will disappear.
The best of domestic brands
Huawei is a boutique among domestic products.
Low-key bosses and companies rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business atmosphere that relies on advertising to increase popularity!
It is impossible for a company without strength to do this, and it dare not do so!
It is because of this that I chose Huawei.
It has been more than half a year since I bought it, and it feels good all the time, very good.
The reason why I didn’t give it a full score is because once when I used its offline navigation, there was a phenomenon of not positioning. I didn’t find out the reason in the end. It was fine at other times.
Moreover, it has entered the destination online, and automatically designs the route after searching. After leaving the wifi, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical, without running traffic, it directly talks to the satellite to realize positioning and navigation, which is very good!
Good luck to Sony
Sony's low-end phone is still full of sense of design, and the price is cheap, the screen is big enough, and the battery life is excellent, which is very suitable for the elderly.
Although a long time has passed, there is still nothing wrong with the machine.
But because my Z2 was released, this phone also completed its mission.
