This document is in accordance with GB/T1; 1 - 2023 Guidelines for Standardization Work Part I: Structure of standardization documents and drafting rules for starting benefit.
This document replaces GB18030-2005 Information Technology "Chinese coded character set compared with GB18030-2005, in addition to structural adjustment and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows: in addition to structural adjustment and editorial changes, the main expansion changes are as follows:
The applicable objects of this document have been added ( see Chapter 1) .
The GB/I13000 code positions corresponding to 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components have been changed in the double-byte coding area, and in addition to 6 repeatedly encoded Chinese character components and 9 repeatedly encoded Chinese characters ( see Appendix D, Appendix A of the 2005 edition) .
18 GB/T13000 code positions have been changed in the four-byte coding area ( see Appendix D, Appendix D of the 2005 edition);
Appendix "Additional Chinese characters and radicals/parts" was deleted. See Appendix 0 of the 2005 edition.
Increased level of implementation "( see draft 9); "
The informative appendix "General Standard Chinese Character List; Code Position of Proposed Characters" has been added. See Appendix Diao.
Note that some of the contents of this document may involve patents. The issuing agency of this document assumes no responsibility for identifying patents.
This document is proposed by and under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.
The previous releases of this document and the documents it replaces are as follows:
First published in 2000 as GB18030-2000, revised for the first time in 2005; This is the second revision
GB18030-2022
Information Expansion" Chinese coded character set.
1 This document specifies the hexadecimal representation of Chinese graphic characters and even binary coding for information technology
This document applies to the processing, exchange, storage, transmission, display, input and output of Chinese and other text and graphic character information.
This document is applicable to technical products with information processing and exchange functions of Chinese and other text and graphic characters, including but not limited to software products represented by input method, optical character recognition ( OCR), editing and proofreading, machine integration translation, speech synthesis, text transcription, Qiao Neng writing, etc., as well as convenience products represented by computers, communication terminal equipment, e-book reading Yi, learning machines, etc.
2 Regulatory references.
The contents of the following documents constitute essential provisions of this document through normative references in the text.
Among them, for dated references, only the version corresponding to that date applies to this document; For undated references, the latest factory version ( including all amendments) applies to this document; For undated references, the latest factory version ( including all amendments) applies to this document.
GB/T2312-1980 "Chinese character coded character set for information exchange" basic set "Chinese character coded character set".
GB/I11383-1989 "Information processing" information exchange using eight-bit code structure and coding rules.
GB/Gong 13000 Information Technology Universal Multi-Octet Coded Character Set ( UCS)
3 Terms and definitions.
The following terms and definitions apply to this document
3. 1 character character.
An element in a collection of elements used to organize, control, or represent data.
3. 2 编码字符 coded character
Characters ( 3) 1) and its encoding are shown.
3. 3 用户自定区 private use area.
Users of products conforming to this document may specify their own areas.
3. 4 Vocabulary repertoire
A coded character ( 3) . 2) A specified character ( 3) represented by the set. 1) a collection
3. 5 保 区 reserved zone.
Reserved for future areas specified in this document
GB18030-2022
4-word vocabulary.
4. 1 Overview.
Characters included in this document are encoded in single byte, double word, or four byte format
The single-byte part contains all 128 characters from 0x00 to 0x7F of GB/T11383-1989.
4. 3 Double-byte part.
The double-byte part contains all the graphic characters in GB/T2312-1980, CJK unified Chinese characters in GB/T13000 and some graphic characters.
The characters in the double-byte part are specified in Appendix A in accordance with the provisions of Appendix A.
Among them, the graphics, code positions and functions of ideographic descriptors shall comply with the provisions of Appendix B.
Note: GB/T13000 Unified encoding of Chinese characters used in China, Japan, En Guo, Vietnam and other countries and regions.
Chinese characters with unique abstract glyphs are assigned a separate code position; Chinese characters with different sources and the same abstract glyphs are assigned a common code position.
The encoded Chinese characters are called CJK unified Chinese characters CCJKUnifiedIdeographs, where CJK stands for China, Japan, South Korea, and then CJK stands for China, Japan, and Korea.
4. The four-byte part is the four-byte part.
The four-byte part includes 66 CJK unified Chinese characters ( 9FA6-9FEF, excluding 8 characters of 9FB4-9FBB) in GB/T13000 other than the above double-byte characters, CJK unified Chinese character expansion A, CJK unified Chinese character expansion BCJK unified Chinese character expansion C, CJK unified Chinese character expansion DCJK unified Chinese character expansion below CJK unified Chinese character extension F and characters of ethnic minority characters that have been encoded in GB/Gong 13000 have been encoded in GB/Gong 13000.
The characters in the four-byte section are specified in Appendix C.
5 Overall structure.
In the text, all numbers marked with 0x in front of them are expressed in hexadecimal, and those not marked with 0x are expressed in decimal.
All codes in the appendix are expressed in hexadecimal, and other numbers are expressed in decimal.
The single-byte part adopts the coding structure of GB/T11383-1989 and uses 0x00~0x7F code bits.
The double-word tribute part uses two eight-bit binary bit strings to represent a character, the first byte code bits are 0x81-0xFE, and the last byte code bits are 0x40-0x7E and 0x80-0xFE respectively.
The four-byte part adopts 0x30-0x39, which is not used in GB/I 11383-1989, as the suffix for expanding the double-byte code, and the coding range is 0x81308130-0xFE39FE39FE39, while the coding range is 0x81308130-0xFE39FE39, which is not used in GB/I 11383-1989.
The coding range of the first word of the four-byte character is 0x81-0xFE; the coding range of the second word is 0x30-0x39; the coding range of the third byte is 0x81-0xFE; the coding range of the fourth word is 0x30-0x39-0xFE; and the coding range of the fourth word market is 0x30-0x39-0xFE. Namely: 0x81308130-0x81308139; 0x81308230-0x81308239 0x8130FEFE30-0x8130FE39; 0x81318130-0x81318139; Oo2douolag0c "0URo230613930xFE39FE30-0xFE39FE39
The overall structure and code point range allocation are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1, respectively.
The order of 6 characters.
6. The order of the characters in the brush part of 1 single word is the order of the characters.
Some characters in single character notation are arranged in the order of corresponding characters in GB/I11383-1989.
6. 2 The order in which some characters in the double-character city are arranged.
The sequence of characters below the double word shall conform to Appendix A.
6. 3 Arrangement order of some characters in four-character brush.
There are 50400 code points from 0x81308130 to 0x8439FE39, corresponding to all characters of the GB/T13000 basic multilingual plane not included in the double-byte part, arranged in the order of the corresponding characters of the GB/T13000 basic multilingual plane
From 0x90308130 to 0xE339FE39, a total of 1058400 code points are used to correspond to the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/T13000, and the character arrangement order is completely arranged according to the corresponding code point order of the 16 auxiliary planes of GB/I13000.
The order of four-byte partial characters shall conform to Appendix C.
7 Code bit allocation.
1. The code point allocation of the single-character city part.
The code points of the single-byte part are allocated according to the rules of GB/T11383-1989.
See Figure 2 for single-byte code bit allocation.
2 The code point allocation of the double-word part is used.
The code point arrangement of the double-byte part is divided into two parts: 0x8140-0xFE7E and 0x8180-0xFEFE, with a total of 23940 code points.
The allocation of double-byte code points is shown in Figure 3 and Table 2, etc.
Total: 23940 code points.
Double-byte area 1: 846 code points.
SSWA and RS Shuangning section 3 area 6080 yards.
First byte 0xA8~0xA9 double byte zone 5: 192 code bits
3. Double-word vegetable partial coding space structure diagram.
Table 2 Code position arrangement of the double-word smelling part.
The range of human code positions.
Code point allocation of four-character brush part.
The four-byte part contains Chinese characters and some minority characters.
See Table 3 for four-byte human code bit allocation.
For four-byte human code point assignments not specified in Table 3, see 6 for the four-byte human code point assignment. 3.
Table 3 Code position arrangement of the four-character olfactory part.
Code point range
Table 3 Code point arrangement for the four-byte part ( continued) .
Code Point Range Code Point Numeric Characters
A total of 25200 code points from 0xFD308130 to 0xFE39FE39 are user-defined areas
Other unoccupied four-byte code bits are reserved for future file extensions to use.
8 Part description of characters and codes.
Relative to GB18030-2005, the glyphs and/or corresponding GB/TI13000 code positions on some code positions have been adjusted in this document ( see Appendix D) .
9 1 General rules.
This document specifies three levels of implementation.
System software products that meet the corresponding implementation level shall provide input and output functions for all characters within the corresponding implementation level.
9 2 Implementation Level 1
Realize CJK unified Chinese characters ( i.e. 0x82358F33-0x82359636) and CJK unified Chinese character extension A( i.e. 0x8139EE39-0x82358738) of the single-byte coding part, the double-season coding part and the four-character lower coding part of the Level 1 document.
Any product to which this document applies shall meet the requirements of implementation level 1 of the realization level.
Note: According to the needs of software applications, implementation level 1 can also choose any one or more non-Chinese characters listed in Table 3.
9 3 Implementation Level 2
Implementation level 2 includes implementation level 1, which includes implementation level 1.
In addition, implementation level 2 also supports coded Chinese characters that are not included in real level 1 in the General Specification Chinese Character Table}.
For the code position and font of the received Chinese characters in this document, see the appendix below.
System software and supporting software shall meet the requirements of implementation level 2
Note: System software and document support software include, but are not limited to, operating systems, database management systems, and database management systems. Middleware ( see GB/Work 36475 for information on software product classification) .
9 4 Implementation level 3
Implementation level 3 includes implementation level 2, which includes implementation level 2.
In addition, the implementation level 3 also supports all the Chinese characters specified in this document and the Kang Hei radicals in Table 3.
Products used for government services and public services should meet the requirements of implementation level 3.
Note: Government services and common services include, but are not limited to, the railway transport industry. Road transportation industry\ water transportation industry Air transportation industry, multimodal transportation and transportation agency industry, postal industry, monetary and financial services, insurance industry, land, management industry, health, national institutions, social security, etc. ( see GB/Industrial 4754 for industry classification information) .
Appendix A ( Normative)
Double Character List
A The contents of Table 1 are as follows.
This table gives the font and code of the double-byte encoded character, and also gives the GB/T13000 code position corresponding to the character.
A Explanation of Table 2
Examples are as follows:
The first byte is the lowest of the second byte.
Double Byte Zone 3
Second byte high GBCT13000 code location.
Appendix B ( Regulatory)
Ideographic descriptor.
This appendix contains 13 ideographic descriptors specified in GB/TI13000 and gives their graphics. Code location and functional descriptions.
See Table B for details. 1.
Table B. 1 Graphical, code location and functional descriptions of ideographic descriptors.
The code point function description of the code point GB/T13000 in this document is similar but not equal, and it is used to express a foreign word by borrowing a certain word.
Left and right structure.
Upper and lower structure.
Left center right structure.
Upper, middle and lower structure.
Fully enclosed structure
Go back to the surrounding structure.
Back to the enclosing structure.
Back to the right enclosing structure.
Back to the lower right enclosing structure.
Go back to the lower left to surround the structure.
Back to the upper right enclosing structure.
Lease structure lease structure.
Appendix C ( Normative)
Four-character book character table.
C. The contents of Table 1 are as follows.
This table gives the glyphs and codes of Chinese characters and some ethnic minority characters, and also gives the corresponding GB/TI13000 code but position of the character. The glyphs of other parts are omitted.
C. Explanation of Table 2
Appendix D ( informative)
Description of some characters and codes.
D. 1 Adjusted 18 GB/T13000 code locations.
B18030-2005 specifies the temporary code positions of 10 vertical punctuation marks and 8 Chinese character components in GB/I13000. These code positions are adjusted in this document, such as Table D. 1. The picture is shown.
D. 1 Adjusted code correspondence ( continued) .
The corresponding GB/T 13000 code points of this document and GB18030-2005 of GB18030-2005 correspond to this document.
D. 2 6 Chinese character components deleted in the double-word smelling area.
Table D. 2 Code locations and reserved glyphs.
D. 3 9 CJK-compatible Chinese characters deleted in the double character lower area.
This document deletes 9 CJK Luong Chinese characters from GB/TI13000 included in GB18030-2005, such as Table D. 3 shows
Table D. 3 deleted 9 CJK compatible Chinese characters and their code positions.
Appendix Open ( informative) Code positions of Chinese characters in the General Standard Chinese Character List.
This document contains all 8105 standardized Chinese characters in the 4 General Standardized Chinese Character List approved and issued by the State Council of the People's Republic of China in 2013. Their code positions and glyphs are shown in Table 1.
The order of the Chinese characters in the table is consistent with the order of the standardized Chinese characters in the 4 General Standard Chinese Character List. The Chinese characters with serial number 1 and serial number 3500 are first-level Chinese characters, the Chinese characters with serial number 3501 and serial number 6500 are second-level Chinese characters, and the Chinese characters with serial number 6501 and serial number 8105 are third-level Chinese characters. The Chinese characters with serial number 6501 and serial number 8105 are third-level Chinese characters.
Table E. 1 The glyphs and code positions of Chinese characters in the General Standard Chinese Character List.
GB/Industry 4754 Classification of National Economic Industries.
GB/Work 36475 Software Product Classification.
General standard Chinese character table. State Council of the People's Republic of China ( Guo Fa ( 2013) No. 23) .
The contents of this man page are taken from the complete documentation of the GNUC compiler and are limited to explaining the meaning of the options.
Unless someone voluntarily maintains it, EURo files, Info files are authoritative documents.
If you find a discrepancy between the man pages and the software, check Info for that.
If we find that the contents of this manual page have caused obvious confusion and complaints due to obsolescence, we will stop publishing it. There is no other option, like updating the Info file and updating the man manual at the same time, because other maintenance work on Gnucc does not leave us time to do this. GNU Project considers the man manual to be obsolete and should use the time elsewhere.
For complete and up-to-date documentation, consult the Info file `gee' or UsingandPortingGNUCC ( for version 2) . ( ft&/HAIZE #HGNUCC2) ( ft&/HAIZE #HGNUCC2) 0) manual. Both are from the original Texinfo file gee. Texinfo,
DESCRIPTION C and C + + compilers are integrated. They all process the input file in one or more of four steps: 预处理( preprocessing), Hii( compilation), ( assembly) MERE ( linking)
The source file suffix identifies the language of the source file, but for the compiler, the suffix controls the default setting: the suffix controls the default setting: for the compiler.
gcc considers the preprocessed file ( file) . i) is a c file and sets the connection in the form of c,
g++ considers the preprocessed file ( file) . i) is a c++ file and sets the connection in the form of c++
The post-level name of the source file indicates the language type and later operations: the language type and later operations:
C source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
C++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
CC + + source program; Preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
CXXC++ source program; preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
MObjective-C source program; Preprocessing, compilation, assembly.
i preprocessed c file; compile, assemble, assemble.
ii preprocessed c++ files; compile, assemble, assemble.
s assembly language source program; assembly.
Assembly language source program; Preprocessing, assembly, assembly.
H preprocessor files; files with other descendants that do not normally appear on the command line are passed to the Linker. Typically these include:
0 Objectfile ( Objectfile) .
A Archivefile ( Archivefile) .
Unless the -cec, -s, or -E options are used ( or a compilation error prevents the complete process), concatenation is always the last step.
During the connection phase, all corresponding to the source program are corresponding to each other. e-file, -1 library file, unrecognizable filenames ( including specified filenames) . o H tag files and The a library file is passed to the connector options in the order on the command line ( OPTIONS) .
Options must be given separately: de 'is completely different from `-d -r' .
Most `-=E: and` -W' options have two opposite formats: -fname and -fno-name ( or -Wname and -Wno-name) .
Only formats that are not the default options are listed here.
Below is a summary of all options, grouped by type, with explanations in later sections.
代码生成选项 ( Code Generation Option)
OverallOption ( OverallOption)
Explicitly indicate that the language of the subsequent input file is language ( rather than the default choice obtained from the file name) .
This option applies to all subsequent input files until the next '-x' option is encountered The language is optional.
Turn off any explicit description of the language, so based on the filename post-level processing followed by the file REASE `-x' option) .
If you operate on only some of the four stages ( preprocessing, compilation, assembly, connection), you can use the `-x' option ( or Ah after the filename) to tell geo where to start, and the `~-c', `-s', or `-E' options to tell geo where to end it is. Note that some combinations of options ( e.g., `-xcpp-output-E') {igeeMEF=c compile or assemble source files, ETER, ETER, are compiled or assembled. By default GCC makes use of ' O 'Cai source file name suffix ' The name of the ec label file. Other names can be selected with the -o option. GCC ignores any unrecognized input text伯 - S F anything after the -ec option.
The target file is up.
After compilation, it stops, and no assembly is performed.
Use pipes instead of temporary files to work between different stages of the compilation process, because the assembler of those systems cannot read data from pipes. GNU's assembler does not have this problem. The assembler can accept C "dialects": supports ANSI-compliant C programs.
This closes some ANSICc-incompatible feature keywords in GNUCc, as well as ANSItrigraph features such as unix and vax that indicate that they are welcome and rarely used, and disables all standard libraries that are available in the host environment ( hosted environment) . The main function returns an int value, a typical example of which is almost all programs except the kernel. The corresponding independent environment ( f£reestandingenvironment) does not exist in a standard library, and the program entry is not necessarily main. The most obvious example is the operating system kernel in the operating system kernel. For details, please refer to the latest information on the gcc website) .
Function declarations with no parameters, such as `intfoo(); ', are handled in C style - that is, they do not specify the number or type of parameters. ( Only for C++)
Normally, such a function foo means that the argument is empty in C++.
The section list is deleted from here to try to support some aspects of traditional C compilers.
See the NUc manual for details, we have removed the details so that when the content is out of date, people will not HERI when the content is out of date.
Except for one thing: For C++ programs ( not C), the `-traditional' option has the additional effect of allowing assignment to this value.
It has the same effect as the '-Ethis-is-variable' option.
-traditional-cpp attempts to support some aspects of traditional Cc preprocessors.
In particular, what is mentioned above about the preprocessor, but does not include other effects of the '-traditional' option.
-fdollars-in-identifiers Allow `$' characters in identifiers ( C++ only)
You can specify the `"-Efno-dollars-in-identifiers' option to explicitly disable the `$' character.
( GNUC++ allows the `$' character by default on some target systems, but not all systems.) )
-fenum-int-equiv allows implicit conversion of ant types to enumeration types ( MEFc++) .
Normally GNUC++ allows conversion from enum to int, but not vice versa.
-fexternal--templates generates smaller code for template declarations ( C++ only) by generating only one copy of each template function where they are defined.
To use this option successfully, you must mark `#pragmaimplementatio' ( definition) or `#Pragmainterface' ( declaration) in all files that use the template.
When the program is compiled with `-fexternal-templates', all template instances are external types. You must have the required instance appear in the implementation file.
This can be achieved with typedef, which references each instance required.
Correspondingly, if you compile with the default option `-fno-exteznal-templates', all template instances are explicitly set to built-in.
All member functions ( except constructor subfunctions and mnew or delete member operators) are considered virtual functions of the class in which they reside.
This does not mean that every call to a member function will pass through the internal virtual function table.
In some cases, the compiler can determine that a virtual function can be called directly; This is a direct call to.
-fcond-mismatch allows the type mismatch of the second and third arguments of a conditional expression.
The value of such an expression is Void. -fthis-is-variable allows assignment to this ( only for c++) .
Merging user-defined free storage management mechanisms into C++ makes assignable 'this' seem out of place.
Therefore, by default, assignment to this inside class member functions is an invalid operation.
However, for backward compatibility, you can make this work with the '-fthis-is-variable' option.
-funsigned-char 把 char 定义为无符号类型, 如同 unsigned char.
Each machine has its own default char type Could be either unsignedchar or signedchar.
Ideally, a portable program should always use signedchar or unsignedchaz when relying on the symbolic nature of the data.
But many programs have been written to use only simple char, and expect this to be a signed number ( or unsigned number, depending on the target machine on which the program is written) .
This option, and its antisense option, make such programs work on the corresponding default values.
The type of char should always be explicitly defined as signedchar or unsignedchar, even if it behaves exactly like one of them.
These options are used to define signed or unsigned bit fields if the 'signed' or 'unsigned' modifiers are not explicitly declared.
By default, bit fields are signed because the basic integer types they inherit, such as int, are signed numbers, however, if the '-traditional' option is specified, bit fields are always unsigned numbers.
-fwritable-strings stores string constants in writable data segments without special treatment.
This is for compatibility with some older programs. They calculate that changing string constants is a very bad idea. The `-traditional' option has the same effect.
To execute the summary.
Impact of COVID-19 on drug markets.
The impact could be similar to the 2008 economic crisis.
The global COVID-19 epidemic has plunged the world into an unprecedented crisis.
In many countries, the disease has overwhelmed health services to the point of collapse, and restrictions imposed by governments have created serious disruptions in the global economy.
For the drug market, the impact of the outbreak is unclear and difficult to predict, but it has the potential to be far-reaching.
Some producers may be forced to find new ways to manufacture drugs, as restrictions on movement also limit access to precursors and essential chemicals.
Traffickers, unable to cross borders due to travel restrictions, may have to find new routes and methods.
Patterns of drug use and availability may change, and governments' ability to respond may be hampered.
The transformation brought about by COVID-19 is unprecedented, but some lessons can still be learned from past crises.
After the 2008 economic crisis, some drug users began to look for cheaper synthetic substances, and usage patterns shifted to injecting drugs.
At the same time, governments have cut drug-related budgets.
If governments respond in the same way to the current economic downturn, interventions such as the prevention of drug use and related risk behaviours and drug treatment services could be hit hard.
In addition, interception operations and international cooperation may be prioritized less, making it easier for traffickers to operate.
Drug trafficking is expected to be most directly affected in countries where large quantities of drugs are smuggled through commercial flights. Drug trafficking is expected to be most directly affected.
Couriers carry synthetic drugs such as methamphetamine in carry-on backpacks or hidden in personal luggage, sometimes in large quantities. Drug supply activities using commercial air travel may be completely disrupted by restrictions imposed on air passenger traffic almost everywhere.
While international postal supply chains have also been disrupted trafficking through dark nets and the mailing of goods is likely to increase.
In the long run, the recession and related closures could disrupt drug markets.
As a result of rising unemployment and lack of opportunities, poor and vulnerable populations will be more likely to use drugs in harmful ways, to develop drug use disorders and to turn to illicit drug-related activities-whether in production or transportation-related.
Drug trafficking organizations may take advantage of this situation by providing services to vulnerable populations and recruiting new members to grow their ranks.
As governments become less able to respond, these shifts could quickly take root as new realities for many communities.
Expansion and complexity.
Market growth.
Population growth patterns partly explain market expansion.
Drug abuse has been on the rise around the world, both in terms of overall figures and as a percentage of the world's population who use drugs.
In 2009, it was estimated that there were 2 drug users. It makes up 100 million people, or 4 of the global population aged 15-64, of a population of 15-64 years old. It is estimated that there are 2 drug users in 2018, while it is estimated that there are 2 drug users in 2018. The population is 69 billion, accounting for 5 of this population. 3 percent.
Over the past two decades, drug use has grown much faster in developing countries than in developed countries.
This partly reflects differences in overall population growth over the period, 7 per cent in developed countries and 28 per cent in developing countries, but also reflects faster growth in the young population in developing countries.
Adolescents and young adults make up the largest proportion of drug users.
Between 2000 and 2018, the population of this age group in developing countries increased by 16%, while the population of this age group in developed countries decreased by 10%.
1 Urbanization is a driver of current and future drug markets.
In both developed and developing countries, drug use is more prevalent in urban areas than in rural areas.
The overall increase in drug use is partly due to large-scale rural-urban movements - more than half of the world's population now lives in urban areas, compared with 34 per cent in 1960.
Urbanization may be a key factor in the future dynamics of drug markets, especially in developing countries where urbanization trends are more pronounced.
Increased wealth is associated with increased drug use, but it is the poorest who bear the greatest burden of disease. Worldwide, drug use is more prevalent in developed countries than in developing countries.
Drugs such as cocaine are more strongly linked to wealthier parts of the world.
Similarly, within countries, the prevalence of drug use is higher among the wealthier segments of society.
However, the rate of transition to drug use disorders is higher among people of lower socioeconomic status.
Data from a few countries show a link between harmful patterns of drug use and conditions and low income.
These patterns appear to be less common in wealthier social classes.
Economic constraints stemming from the global COVID-19 crisis are likely to exacerbate risks for the most vulnerable, including drug users.
For example, changes in the labor market, such as rising unemployment, have been associated with increased drug use in the past, and the pandemic has forced tens of millions of people around the world out of work.
COVID-19 may lead to further expansion of drug markets The COVID-19 pandemic may lead to more farmers increasing or engaging in illicit crop cultivation, either because of reduced control by national authorities, or because more people may have to take risks and engage in illegal activities in the face of the economic crisis.
Trafficking by sea may have increased as a result of COVID-19-related restrictions that have reduced air and land traffic, where the risk of interception is low and higher volumes are smuggled than by air or land.
There have been recent reports of cocaine shipments being shipped directly from South America to Europe by sea from South America to Europe by sea.
Complexity enhancement
The emergence of substances not under international control is stable, but new and potentially harmful opioids are on the rise The drug market is becoming increasingly complex.
In addition to plant-based substances such as cannabis cocaine and heroin hundreds of synthetic drugs have been added many of which are not under international control and many are not under international control. Non-medical use of drugs is also increasing rapidly.
There are about 500 new active substances in the domestic market of Member States each year.
At present, most of them are stimulants, followed by synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists and a small amount of opioids.
While the overall number of new psychoactive substances has stabilized, the proportion has changed.
Of the total number of new psychoactive substances identified in 2014, opioid new psychoactive substances accounted for only 2%, but by 2018, this figure had risen to 9%.
Many of the new psychoactive substances in opioids are analogs of fentanyl, whose efficacy and harm have been demonstrated, leading to overdose deaths in North America and other regions, but to a lesser extent, these are analogues of fentanyl.
In North America, fentanyl is used either as an adulterant for heroin and other drugs, including cocaine and methamphetamine, or to manufacture counterfeit pharmaceutical opioids.
Some evidence suggests that the injection of new psychoactive stimulants is also taking place in Europe. A study of the residues of discarded syringes in six European cities found that many syringes were contaminated with new psychoactive substances that produce excitatory effects.
2 The use of new psychoactive substances may become entrenched in vulnerable groups.
A single class of new psychoactive substances almost never forms a large market.
But evidence from Europe suggests that synthetic cannabinoids are a serious problem among socially marginalized groups such as the homeless and prison inmates.
Twenty-two countries reported on the use of new psychoactive substances in prisons, most of which identified synthetic cannabinoids as a major challenge.
Controls on precursor chemicals have forced drug producers to innovate. Many of the chemicals most commonly used as precursors to synthesize drugs such as amphetamine, methamphetamine and "ecstasy" have been placed under international control.
Drug traffickers and producers have been searching for alternatives - not only loosely controlled substances, but also chemicals specifically designed to circumvent controls, so-called "designer precursors" - so-called "designer precursors".
Restrictive measures aimed at stopping the spread of COVID-19 are likely to further squeeze drug producers who rely on precursor chemicals.
Evidence from Mexico suggests that this has become a reality. According to reports in March 2020, shortages of methamphetamine precursors imported from East Asia drove up methamphetamine prices in Mexico and the United States.
The market is changing rapidly.
Synthetic drugs replace opiates in Central Asia and the Russian Federation.
The opiate market in Central Asia and the Russian Federation appears to have changed between 2008 and 2018, between 2008 and 2018.
The number of opiates intercepted by the authorities of the Russian Federation has fallen by about 80 per cent, while the number of people receiving treatment for opioid use has dropped significantly.
But the doping market seems to be booming.
There is evidence that methamphetamine and various cathinones, including mephedrone and a-pyrrolidinyl pentanone, are now ubiquitous on the Russian drug market.
Russian authorities have reported a sharp rise in recent seizures of clandestine laboratories manufacturing various illicit drugs, more than doubling in two years to 152 laboratories in 2018, 2018, after a sharp increase in the number of clandestine laboratories manufacturing various illicit drugs.
Methamphetamine market growth in Afghanistan and Iraq methamphetamine market.
As early as 2012, investigations of personnel in hospitals, prisons and other institutions had revealed the importance of methamphetamine in Iraq.
Crystalline methamphetamine has become another worrying staple in addition to “ fenitalin” and tramadol.
A 2015 study reinforced these findings, with drug users saying marijuana was more difficult to obtain than "phenetalin" or methamphetamine, or methamphetamine.
Recently, a number of methamphetamine laboratories have been identified by the Iraqi authorities, and the Board has expressed concern about the large-scale import of pseudoephedrine preparations used as precursors by monomethamphetamine laboratories.
In Afghanistan, methamphetamine manufacturing appears to have begun in 2014 with the manufacture of methamphetamine.
Since then, methamphetamine seizures have been rising steadily.
But seizures in the first half of 2019 a ^657 kilograms - a sharp increase from the previous year compared to the previous year.
Large seizures of methamphetamine believed to have originated in Afghanistan in other countries also indicate that production is rising rapidly in that country's production is rising.
Policy changes and trends.
Most jurisdictions that have legalized non-medical use of cannabis have seen an increase in cannabis use.
Eleven jurisdictions in Canada, Uruguay and the United States allow the manufacture of cannabis products for non-medical use.
In most of these jurisdictions, cannabis use has increased since legalization, although the same trend has been observed in other jurisdictions that have not legalized non-medical use of cannabis.
In Colorado and Washington, two of the first states in the United States to pass legislation, non-medical marijuana use among adults has increased, especially in the past month and daily or nearly daily use. Since 2012, it has exceeded the national average since 2012.
All indicators show an increase in cannabis use in Uruguay since 2011, with use almost doubling last month.
This suggests that the main reason for the increase is the frequent and frequent use of cannabis.
Short-term data from Canada also suggests that while the legal market expanded from 2018 to 2019, usage also increased.
However, 40% of cannabis users in 2019 still obtained some products from illegal sources.
The reason behind the global slump in cannabis herb seizures is the legalization of cannabis.
Global seizures of cannabis herb fell to their lowest level in 20 years in 2018, as seizures in North America declined by 84% over the past 10 years.
In contrast, seizures in other parts of the world almost doubled during the same period. The pattern of seizures suggests that policies aimed at liberalizing the cannabis market have played a key role in the decline.
Regulation of new psychoactive substances appears to have a deterrent effect The effect of domestic regulation of new psychoactive substances is still difficult to assess.
Some countries with different regulatory regimes for new psychoactive substances show different prevalence rates of new psychoactive substance use.
In other countries, the use of new psychoactive substances has decreased following the adoption of domestic legislation.
Vulnerable populations face harm from both licit and illicit drug markets Medicinal opioids for pain management and palliative care are mainly available in high-income countries Painkillers are unevenly distributed across regions in various regions.
In 2018, more than 90% of all medicinal opioids available for medical consumption were in high-income countries.
About 50% in North America, 40% in Europe, and 2% in Oceania.
These countries account for about 12% of the global population.
Low- and middle-income countries are estimated to account for 88 per cent of the global population, but consume less than 10 per cent of medicinal opioids.
Barriers to access to medicinal opioids are related to many factors, including legislation, culture, health systems and prescribing practices, including legislation, culture, health systems, and prescribing practices.
Poorer people are at greater risk of developing drug use disorders Approximately 35.6 million people had a drug use disorder in 2018.
Poverty, limited education and social marginalization may increase the risk of drug use disorders and exacerbate their consequences. Studies in high-income countries confirm this, in which individuals' unfavorable socioeconomic trajectories - not just their status at a certain point in time - are also associated with risk of drug use disorders.
Drug use disorders also deepen socioeconomic disadvantage and further increase the risk of unemployment, poverty and homelessness, thereby contributing to a vicious cycle of disadvantage. These results may also be related to abusive attitudes and consequences within the criminal justice system.
Women, ethnic minorities and migrants, sexually diverse groups, people displaced by armed conflict or disasters, and people in rural settings may also be disproportionately affected by drug use disorders or experience problems accessing treatment services or experience problems accessing treatment services.
According to the disability-adjusted life years ( DALY) indicator, which estimates the number of healthy life years lost due to disability and premature death, the wider social impact of harmful drug use has increased over the past 10 years.
Between 2007 and 2018, the global number of disability-adjusted life years attributed to drug use increased by 17 per cent.
The increase in disability-adjusted life years associated with liver cancer caused by untreated hepatitis C, which is common among injecting drug users, was particularly high  40 per cent.
The complex relationship between drugs and violence makes it difficult to determine all the causal links between psychoactive substance use and violence.
Limited data worldwide suggest that intoxication may be an important factor in homicide.
But alcohol appears to play a bigger role in violence than drugs.
While drug use may lead to crime, in some cases the link can be partially attributed to multiple mediating factors, such as socioeconomic disadvantage and other types of adversity caused by personal risk, family environment, and peer influence.
The link between drug trafficking and violence is multifaceted.
Large-scale organized crime, including international drug trafficking, has the potential to be carried out without violence if stable criminal structures are in place.
In the short term, the existence and extent of violence depend not so much on the volume of trafficking as on certain changes that destabilize the balance of power among organized criminal groups, such as changes in the size of illicit markets, the death or imprisonment of well-known criminals, and law enforcement measures that make one group weaker than another.
Latest Trends
Drug use Marijuana is the most commonly used substance, opioids are the most harmful to the most.
It is estimated that in 2018, 1 person used cannabis. Twenty-two billion people have become the most used drug globally.
By comparison, 58 million people used opioids in 2018 to use opioids.
But the harms associated with opioids have been overlooked due to fewer users.
Such substances were responsible for 66% of the estimated 167, 000 deaths related to drug use disorders in 2017, and 50% of the 21 million years of life lost to disability or premature death believed to be caused by drug use were caused by these substances.
The non-medical use of synthetic opioids exacerbates the public health crisis.
In West, Central and North Africa, the opioid crisis was exacerbated by tramadol. In North America it is fentanyl. The two regions have little in common in terms of economics, demographics, or general patterns of drug use, but both are struggling to combat an opioid crisis fueled by substances that are easily available and inexpensive to produce.
In North America, the use of synthetic opioids such as fentanyl has contributed to a 20-year increase in opioid overdose deaths over 20 years.
In 2018, two-thirds of 67, 367 overdose deaths registered in the United States involved fentanyl in 2018, of which two-thirds involved fentanyl.
Canada reported similar results, but with lower numbers.
Part of the reason fentanyl causes overdose deaths is the unpredictable potency of fentanyl on the illicit drug market.
The market for tramadol for non-medical use has grown significantly in West, Central and North Africa.
In the region, an increasing number of patients with tramadol use disorders are being treated.
In 2017, the amount of tramadol intercepted globally increased significantly, reaching a peak of more than 125 tons.
But global seizures fell to 32 tonnes in 2018 after India passed a new law regulating tramadol, in 2018, to 32 tonnes.
Contributing to the crisis in both places is the simplicity of manufacturing and the low cost of production, in addition to the lack of international regulation of tramadol and many fentanyl analogs or their precursors.
Compounding the crisis in both places is the availability of these substances on both the pharmaceutical and illicit markets, making it more difficult to detect and prevent their abuse.
The use of stimulants is increasing.
The stimulant sector is dominated by cocaine and methamphetamine, both of which are on the rise in their main markets.
About 19 million people used cocaine in 2018, as cocaine is prevalent in North America and Western Europe.
Some 27 million people used amphetamines in the same year, with methamphetamine being the most used amphetamine-type stimulant in Southeast Asia and North America.
According to most indicators available, methamphetamine use has been expanding in both regions for 20 years.
In some markets, cocaine and methamphetamine can coexist, sometimes substituting for each other, so that the use of one drug rises while the use of the other falls, sometimes increasing and decreasing at the same time to meet demand in the same market.
COVID-19 increases the risk for injecting drug users.
Approximately 11.3 million people were estimated to have injected drug use in 2018, and approximately 10% of global HIV infections were caused by injecting drug use.
More than 1 million people who inject drugs are infected with HIV and 5.5 million with hepatitis C.
About 58 deaths from drug use in 2017 were reported. 50, 000 people, half of whom died of liver disease caused by hepatitis C, while most injecting drug users still have untreated hepatitis C.
5 Opioid shortages caused by COVID-19 restrictions may lead users to replace them with more readily available substances such as alcohol or benzodiazepines, or to mix opioids with synthetic drugs with synthetic drugs.
As some users switch to injections or inject more frequently, more harmful forms of use may emerge as more harmful ways of use are used.
RedmiAirDots2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset.
Instructions for use.
Product introduction.
Please read this manual carefully before using the product and keep it safe.
The earphones themselves are equipped with medium ear sails. If you feel uncomfortable, you can ask for the bottom text to be too small, although it is outside the machine.
01 Wearing headphones.
Gently insert the ear curtain obliquely downward into the ear canal, and gently swing the head earphone without moving at home.
When making a call, turn the headset microphone toward your mouth to make the call clearer.
Please pay attention to adjusting the headset to expose the microphone when changing the call.
Before charging and starting to use, please tear off the network table at the charging points of the left and right headphones, and fully charge the charging box and headphones.
Plug in the charging cable to charge the headset and the charging case at the same time.
The charging box is not fully charged, and the red light of the charging indicator light is on for a long time. After being fully charged, the charging: 3 indicator light is off.
During earphone charging, the red light of the earphone indicator light is always on, the earphone is fully charged, and the white light of the machine indicator light is always on for 1 minute and then extinguished.
02 Charge and turn on.
The earphones are in the charging case. Take them out of the charging case and turn them on automatically.
The headset is not in the charging case and is turned off. Press and hold the multi-function button for about 1 second ( the white light stays on for 1 second) .
Press and hold for about 1 second.
The white light stays on for 1 second.
Shutdown.
Put it in the charging box, and the headset will automatically turn off.
In the power-on state, press and hold the multi-function key for about 5 seconds ( the red light is on for 2 seconds) .
Press and hold for about 5 seconds.
The red light is on for a long time, 2 machines
03 start using.
Automatic connection: The bureau moves the two earphones ten from the outside of the charging box.
The two brothers automatically open the level, and the white light comes on.
Then the red and white lights returned to six. Left and right sacs as since over tandem
Wait until the white light of the left/right earphone flashes. Open the device否牙 search "RedmIArDots2" and click on the end of the continuous dissolution.
After the first connection, it was connected. The capsule can be automatically connected back to the last pairing device ( Bluetooth needs to be turned on) .
Note:
If the connection fails, put the headset back in the charging case. Repeat the above actions.
Press and hold for about 1 second to power on.
Headset indicator light.
Monaural/binaural free switching; after the two headphones are successfully connected, it is a double-D connection; put either headset back into the charging box and turn it off. The other headset enters the monaural mode, and the binaural mode can be automatically restored by removing it again.
Manual connection: When the headset is turned off, the two headphones are turned on manually. The white light is on, and then the red and white lights flash quickly. The left and right headphones are automatically connected in series. When the white light of the left/right headphones flash slowly, turn on the Bluetooth search connection of the device.
Earphone reset.
If the headset cannot be connected and used normally, please refer to the following methods to reset it.
Headphones: Take the earphones out of the charging case, press and hold the multi-function keys of the two earphones for 15 seconds in the off state, until the red and white lights flash alternately for 3 times, release and put them back in the charging case ( clear the continuous authorization record between the earphones and the mobile phone) .)
04 The product accessories, user interface and other illustrations in the manual are schematic diagrams for reference only. Due to product updates and upgrades, there may be slight differences between the actual product and the schematic diagram. Please refer to the actual product.
Client: Xiaomi Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
Manufacturer: Chongqing Qianxing Technology Co., Ltd.
( Xiaomi Ecological Chain Enterprise)
Address: No. 60, Industrial Avenue, Pulu Street, Tongliang District, Chongqing.
Support telephone number: 400-100-5678, etc.
For information about this strict operation, please consult the sales network: wwwmicom: wwwmicom for information on this strict operation.
Read the book and sing: V10reae.
Functional points.
The following functions can be operated on both left and right earphones. When you tap an incoming call, answer the phone; when you hang up the phone music during a call or an outgoing call, play/pause the audio, and press and hold for about 1 second to release the music for about 1 second.
When calling, when refusing to listen to the phone call, switch to the headset/mobile phone to listen to Jane double-click.
During a call, start/turn off mute mode.
When in standby, turn on the voice assistant ( if the device supports voice and the quick wake-up setting is turned on) .
Answer the second call and switch calls.
When there is a new call during a mobile phone call, click the multi-function key to keep the previous call and answer the second call; double-click the multi-function key to switch between two calls.
Basic parameters.
Product Name: RedmiAirDots2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset.
Product model: TWSEJO61LS.
Basic parameters of headphones.
Product size: 26 65x16 4x216mm.
Battery capacity: 43mAh ( single headset)
Input parameters: 5V two 100mA.
Net weight per ear: About 4 times. 1g
Battery Type: Lithium ion polymer.
Battery communication distance: 10 meters ( barrier-free airplane environment) .
Wireless connection: Bluetooth 50 0
Charging time: About 1 5 hours HFP/A2DP/HSP/AVRCP.
Talk time: about 4 hours CMIT1ID: 2020DP2611, 2020D.
Standby time: about 150 hours.
05 Precautions.
Warning
1 Do not disassemble for any reason. Repair or modify the headset, otherwise it may cause fire or even completely damage the product;
2 Do not place the device in an environment where the temperature is too low or too high.
3 When using the device indicator light, please avoid the eyes of children or animals;
4 Do not use the device in thunderstorm weather. Thunderstorm may cause abnormal operation of the device and increase the risk of electric shock;
Do not use alcohol or other volatile liquids to wipe this product;
6 Do not expose this product to liquids.
Notice.
1. If the product has not been used for more than two weeks, it is recommended to charge the product before use;
2 It is necessary to choose a charger produced by a regular manufacturer and certified by the national CCC.
3 Continuous use of headphones for a long time is harmful to hearing, please control the use time and volume reasonably;
4 Use headphones to reduce the perception of external sounds, please do not use headphones in an environment that may threaten safety.
Charging box basic parameters.
Product size: 62x40x272mm.
Input parameters: 5-500mA.
Output parameters: 5V-150mA.
Charging time: About 2 hours.
Battery penetration: 300mAh.
News Type: Lithium-ion polymer battery.
06 RedmiAirDots2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Warranty Instructions
RedmiAirDots2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product after-sales service is strict.
In accordance with the Law of the People's Republic of China on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of Consumers and the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China, after-sales three-guarantee service is implemented, and the service content is as follows:
1. Warranty policy.
1 Within 7 days from the day after you sign for it, if the product has a performance failure listed in the "RedmiAirDots True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", it can enjoy the return or exchange service for free after being tested and confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center;
2 Within 8-15 days from the day after you sign for it, if the product has a performance failure listed in the "RedmiAirDots2eeE Fault Table", it can be confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center.
3 Within 12 months from the day after you sign for it, if the product has a performance failure listed in the "RedmiArDots2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Failure Table", it can enjoy maintenance services for free after being tested and confirmed by the Xiaomi after-sales service center.
A RedmiAirDots2 true wireless Bluetooth headset product performance fault table.
Name Performance Fault.
1 No sound can be heard during use
During the call with the "Electric Teeth Earphone" 2, the other party cannot hear the sound.
I can't charge it.
07 Non-warranty regulations.
1 Unauthorized maintenance, misuse, collision, neglect, small use, liquid ingress, accident, modification, incorrect use of non-product accessories or tearing, altering labels, anti-counterfeiting marks;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
2 has exceeded the validity period of the three guarantees;
3 Damage caused by force majeure;
4 Does not meet the performance failures listed in the RedmiAirDots2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table.
5 This product and its accessories have caused performance failures listed in the "RedmiAirDots2 True Wireless Bluetooth Headset Product Performance Fault Table" due to human causes.
The name and content of harmful substances in the product.
Hazardous Substances This form is prepared in accordance with SJ/T11364
O: Indicates that the content of the hazardous substance in all homogeneous materials of the part is below the limit requirements specified in GB/T26572.
EU Summit Debates on Refugee Policy, EU officials Debate on Refugee Policy. Reception process bottlenecks - Chinanews.com.
EU summit squabbles over refugee policy, EU officials. There are bottlenecks at every step of the reception process.
[Global Times Special Correspondent Niu Ruifei in Belgium] According to Agence France-Presse reported on February 10, at the latest EU summit on the same day, European Commission President von der Leyen said that EU leaders agreed to introduce stricter policies on illegal immigration. This makes it easier to deport illegal immigrants.
The move by the EU is reportedly a response to growing concerns about illegal immigration in Europe, where the core issue is the small number of illegal immigrants who can ultimately be repatriated.
According to the summit document, EU leaders called on the Commission to "immediately mobilize substantial EU funds" to strengthen external borders, including through infrastructure and surveillance, through means of strengthening external borders.
However, the EU has been at loggerheads with member states over issues such as the payment of fence fees.
Von der Leyen has repeatedly said that EU funds will not cover the costs.
But diplomats from some member states say that if the EU shared the cost of installing cameras, watchtowers and other infrastructure along the external border, it would free up national budgets and speed up the construction process.
EU officials acknowledge that there are bottlenecks at every step of the refugee reception process, that limited reception capacity and overwhelmed immigration authorities in member states are unable to prevent refugees from submitting "countless" asylum applications across the EU, and that the EU's refugee reception system is in a near-"permanent crisis", according to the European Euractiv website.
The European Commission estimates that the EU's Schengen countries received more than 920, 000 asylum applications last year, an increase of nearly half over the previous year.
Meanwhile, the European Union recorded more than 330, 000 illegal arrivals last year.
Against this backdrop, the summit also agreed on a "principle" that EU countries could repatriate illegal immigrants based on a court decision in another member state based on a court decision in another member state.
In addition, EU leaders also agreed to "increase the use of the concept of a safe state, " which would open the way for the EU to develop a common list, the report said.
( 来自) The global Times author. Ruifei)
The U.S. escalates its "chip war" and hits the global semiconductor industry hard - Chinanews.com.
Recently, the "chip war" between the United States and China has greatly escalated. First, under pressure from the United States, the Netherlands and Japan agreed to start controlling the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China. Later, foreign media reported that the US government is considering cutting off all ties between US suppliers and Huawei and banning US suppliers from providing any products to Huawei. The Biden administration is also preparing to unveil an executive order restricting U.S. investment in sensitive Chinese technology industries... Soon after the beginning of 2023, the United States continued to use malicious tricks to curb the development of China's semiconductor-related industries.
In recent years, the United States has never stopped cracking down on the development of China's "core". While accurately suppressing the semiconductor production and supply chain to China, it has built a "de-Sinicization" semiconductor industry chain alliance in an attempt to completely "get rid of" China's advanced semiconductor industry.
Whether it is to win over South Korea to establish a "technology alliance", or to establish a chip "quadrilateral alliance" with South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, or to establish a "small circle" in the semiconductor industry chain through mechanisms such as the US-Japan-India-Australia "quadrilateral mechanism" and the "Indo-Pacific economic framework". The United States attempts to build a closed production and supply chain cycle led by the United States by introducing politicization, camp and weaponization into the semiconductor industry, so as to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintain its dominant position in the global chip industry. In order to make up for its shortcomings in the field of chip manufacturing and maintain its dominant position in the global chip industry.
However, the "core tactics" of the United States against China with great fanfare are also "injuring the enemy by one thousand and self-injuring eight hundred".
Recently, Fanlin Group, a well-known chip manufacturing equipment supplier in the United States, announced that due to the latest round of export bans on chip manufacturing equipment to China, the group will lay off 1300 full-time employees, and plans to lay off 1400 temporary employees in the next two quarters.
Global lithography giant Asma Holdings of the Netherlands recently warned that a ban on the export of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China could lead to higher semiconductor prices.
According to US media analysis, after the US government brutally suppressed China's chip and semiconductor industries, many US companies suffered, including electronic design automation tool developers, chip designers, wafer manufacturing equipment manufacturers, chip manufacturers themselves and so on.
The so-called suppression of China's advanced semiconductor industry by the United States has dragged down the global semiconductor industry chain and supply chain.
The semiconductor industry is a high-tech and knowledge-intensive industry, which has long formed a closely linked global semiconductor industry chain.
According to professional estimates, based on specialized division of labor, the entire production process of semiconductor products needs to cross the borders of various countries more than 70 times, and the whole process reaches 100 days.
Although the semiconductor industry in the United States has a strong foundation, it is relatively weak in manufacturing capacity, especially in advanced process technology, and relies heavily on East Asia.
Even if the United States tries its best to guide the advanced chip production and supply chain to the "small circle" regional development led by the United States, the regional distribution and interdependence of global semiconductor-related industries are difficult to change.
The United States has strongly "reshaped" and "de-Sinicized" the semiconductor industry chain, which has severely damaged the global semiconductor industry.
Chips are the core of the global future industry, and the development of the chip industry cannot be separated from the joint participation of countries around the world.
In recent years, the United States has taken a series of unilateral actions, including the Innovation and Competition Act, the American Competition Act of 2022, and the Chip and Science Act, to consolidate its technological leadership by taking advantage of its technological hegemony. "Enwei" to its allies, to lure Intel, TSMC, Samsung and other chip manufacturers to set up factories in the United States, trying to ensure that the United States has a global leadership position in the chip field.
In the short term, the United States has indeed created trouble for the development of China's chip industry and related industries, and has reaped practical benefits.
But in the long run, the hysterical suppression of the United States has forced China's chip industry to make continuous breakthroughs and lose its huge Chinese market, which will ultimately greatly weaken the innovation willingness and ability of American technology companies and damage the development of the global chip industry.
Gaucho
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products can be held for at least 360 days-Chinanews.com
The first batch of personal pension wealth management products went on sale.
The seven products of the organization can be selected and held for a minimum of 360 days.
Personal pension wealth management products have finally been launched online.
On February 10, China Wealth Management Network released the list of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products. Seven personal pension wealth management products from ICBC Wealth Management, Agricultural Bank of China Wealth Management and China Post Wealth Management were officially launched.
So far, the "shelf" of personal pension accounts has finally gathered four types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension finance, personal pension insurance, and personal pension public funds.
According to reports, the first batch of personal pension wealth management products are all public offering net worth open products, including 5 new products and 2 existing products. Except for 1 product that is a mixed product, the remaining 6 products are all fixed income products.
A reporter from Beijing Youth Daily saw that 4 of the 5 newly issued products came from ICBC Wealth Management, all of which were fixed income products. The minimum holding periods were 365 days, 540 days, 720 days and 1080 days, respectively. The corresponding performance comparison benchmarks ( annualized) were 3 3 years ( annualized), respectively. 70 percent to 4 percent. Can I get a rip in the chat boys, too. 10 percent to 4 percent. 60 percent, 4 percent. 40 percent - 4 percent. 90 percent and 5 percent. 25 percent - 5 percent. 75%
The remaining new product is "Postal Bank Fortune Tianyi Hongjin Minimum Holding 1095 Days No. 1", which is also a fixed-income product. The fundraising started on February 10 and ended on February 19. The risk level is Level 2, Level 2, which is Level 2, with a two-level risk level.
Among the two surviving products, one is Agricultural Bank of China Financial Management "Agricultural Bank of China Tongxin Smart" 360-day technological innovation RMB financial products, the nature of investment is mixed, the risk level is three-level, the risk level is three-level.
Another surviving product is "Postal Bank Wealth Tianyi Hongjin Minimum Holding 365 Days No. 1", fixed income type, which began to be raised on December 30 last year and officially operated on January 4 this year. The cumulative net value on February 8 was 1 on February 8. 0011
According to the Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Promoting the Development of Personal Pensions, the financial products that can be invested in personal pension fund accounts include bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, public funds and other financial products, including bank wealth management, savings deposits, commercial pension insurance, and public funds.
The release of the first batch of personal pension wealth management products marks that individual pension investors can officially purchase wealth management products through personal pension fund accounts.
In November last year, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission formulated the Interim Measures for the Administration of Personal Pension Business of Commercial Banks and Wealth Management Companies.
The Measures stipulate that participants can purchase personal pension savings, personal pension financial products, personal pension insurance products, personal pension public fund products and other personal pension products through personal pension fund accounts.
Subsequently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation issued a notice specifying that the personal pension system was launched in Beijing and Tianjin, as well as 36 leading cities and regions such as Shijiazhuang and Xiongan New Area in Hebei Province, and Jincheng City in Shanxi Province.
By the end of 2022, the number of individual pension participants 19.54 million, the number of contributors 6.13 million, and the total contribution amount 14.2 billion yuan.
Previously, the banks participating in the pilot only listed three types of products: personal pension savings, personal pension insurance products and personal pension public funds.
Now, after personal pension wealth management products are also gathered, investors should choose how to choose.
Experts from Bank of Communications Wealth Management Products Research and Development Department said that compared with other personal pension products, the pilot phase of pension wealth management products and personal pension wealth management products have three characteristics.
One is robustness, with a more sound risk management mechanism, more robust investment strategies and concepts, and the implementation of independent third-party custody by non-parent banks.
The second is long-term. The term of pension wealth management products in the pilot stage is 5 years or more. The minimum holding period for personal pension wealth management products issued in the next step is 1 year in principle. It is encouraged to hold more than 3 years.
Third, it is inclusive. The product purchase threshold is low. The starting point is generally 1 yuan, and some are as low as 0 yuan. 01 yuan, product custody fees, management fees and other rates are more favorable.
Professionals pointed out that investors should choose according to the characteristics of the product and their own risk tolerance.
Personal pension savings have the characteristics of long term, high interest rate and high security, which is suitable for people with weak risk tolerance. Personal pension insurance products focus on protection, which is more suitable for people who cannot bear investment risks and can accept stable returns. Personal pension wealth management products and public fund products do not guarantee capital or income, there is a certain investment risk, but the expected return is higher, suitable for a certain degree of financial knowledge, high risk-taking ability of people.
Wen/Cheng Jie, reporter of this newspaper/Chi Haibo Coordinator/Chi Haibo.
The fitness industry should get rid of the crisis of trust-Chinanews.com.
Another large gym "thunderstorm".
Recently, the issue of safeguarding the rights of fitness members in well-known fitness institutions has aroused social concern.
After the Spring Festival, many members found that their stores were not operating normally. Subsequently, rumors about the closure of the institution and running away caused panic among members, leading to the intervention of public security and human resources departments and social security departments.
Finally, the relevant person in charge of the organization responded, promising to work hard to protect the legitimate rights and interests of employees and members, and the storm was calmed down.
Some stores of individual fitness institutions have business problems and are temporarily closed. Consumers can calmly wait for the problem to be solved. Why the first reaction of many members is "something bad"?
Behind the turmoil of fitness club members' rights protection is the deep-seated problem of the industry's trust crisis.
Traditional gyms in China generally adopt a prepaid model, and "earning money that users can't get" is the underlying logic of their development.
Obtaining cash flow through pre-sale membership cards and constantly opening new stores seems to be able to cycle back and forth, but in fact, it is impossible to form a stable profit model.
Negative information about industries such as running in the gym frequently spreads, which has a strong impact on consumer confidence.
From the perspective of market prospects, gyms can certainly be regarded as a good business with "money".
Although the fitness track has ups and downs, it has always been concerned by capital.
A number of data show that the popularity of cultural and sports consumption and other fields continues to rise, and the market continues to pick up.
Specifically in the fitness market, with the steady improvement of residents' living standards and the concept of healthy living deeply rooted in the hearts of the people, the development of the fitness industry has great potential for development of the fitness industry.
The better the situation is, the more the industry needs to pay attention to the quality of development, the more it needs to pay attention to the quality of development.
However, individual institutions are blindly optimistic about the fitness market after the recovery of consumption. As soon as they emerge from the crisis, they sound the clarion call to expand their territory and invest all the financing funds into the construction of new stores.
Undeniably, affected by the epidemic in recent years, many institutions have withdrawn, the industry has been reshuffled, and powerful enterprises have selectively increased their acquisition efforts and re-layout at this time. This may not be a new opportunity.
However, if the development of the fitness market wants to enter a virtuous circle and embark on a stable and far-reaching road, the industry must change its traditional model and business strategy.
Only by working steadily and re-establishing consumers' trust and sense of security can we truly win the market and win the future.
Compared with building new stores to seize the market, what the fitness industry currently needs more is to settle down to optimize services and stabilize users with high-quality development.
First of all, it is necessary to rely on services to retain users.
Gymnasium belongs to the service industry, its essence is to adhere to the "user-oriented", to closely focus on the needs of users, the business focus on the quality of service upgrading and upgrading.
Second, digital transformation enhances the user experience.
For example, the current popular Internet gym model enables users to pay per visit and choose their own venue.
At the same time, body data and sports data can be effectively used to meet social needs and achieve a complete closed loop of services from online to offline.
Without private education promotion and a huge annual card, users' worries about fitness institutions running away have decreased, and their trust has also increased.
In addition, we must actively explore diversified business formats.
Nowadays, sports consumption has moved from a single service to scenario consumption, and fitness clubs are expected to become a new entrance to consumption. Peripheral products such as sports supplies and fitness equipment required for fitness may become new profit points, providing consumers with richer choices.
Jiang Tianjiao.
Buy expensive and refund the price difference.
Nanjing property market reproduces "price difference compensation" - Chinanews.com again.
Yangzi Evening News ( Reporter Ma Zuobo) Yangzi Evening News/Ziniu News reporter found in an interview on the 10th that the "price protection agreement" that has not been seen for more than ten years has returned to the Nanjing property market. A property located in Jiangbei New District claims to "compensate for the price difference". Before the delivery of the house, the discount of other houses is greater than the previous discount. The developer is willing to change the house for the buyer and refund the difference in price. The developer is willing to change the house for the buyer and refund the difference in price.
The "insurance agreement" has many conditions.
Mr. Sun, a house-sitter at Poly Yangtze Extraction Platform, a property in Jiangbei New District, told reporters that he found a "statement" while visiting the property last weekend.
The pictures he sent to reporters showed that the developer of the property promised that those who bought the housing between February 1 and February 28 would deliver the corresponding housing from the date when the two parties signed the sales contract. If the preferential discount of other housing resources of the project is greater than the discount enjoyed by the previous purchase ( limited to other unsold commercial housing belonging to the same household type, the same building, the same unit, and the same property type as the commercial housing), the developer can exchange the house for the buyer and refund the difference in price.
Mr. Sun said that the real estate consultant said that this is actually a "price protection agreement", the purpose is to let buyers rest assured that they do not have to worry about the development of enterprises to reduce prices and promote sales. "Now I am afraid that the price will be reduced after buying it. Go to the sales office to make trouble. I don't have time. If it's not noisy, it's really heartwarming."
Many homebuyers believe that although the "insurance agreement" is giving homebuyers "reassurance", the conditions are not low, but the conditions are not low.
Ms. Zheng, who plans to buy a house just in need in Jiangbei, said that the insured property must first be of the same type, but also in the same building and the same unit. There are few houses that buyers can compare prices, so the "threshold" is still quite high. Therefore, the "threshold" is still quite high.
Some buyers believe that due to information asymmetry, sales do not rule out giving additional concessions, buyers "rights protection" is not small difficult.
Whether buyers can be retained remains to be seen.
The reporter inquired on the Nanjing online real estate that in November last year, a total of 252 suites of housing sold in two buildings, with a household area of 105 square meters, 114 square meters, 129 square meters, etc. The average price of the whole decoration is 39843 yuan/m2, and the average price is 39843 yuan/m2 for the whole decoration.
However, more than two months later, online real estate shows that the total number of unsold units in the building is 157, accounting for 62, accounting for 62, accounting for the total number of unsold units in the building. Three percent, of which 128 are in Building 8, 113 are unsold, and 44 of the 124 in Building 7 are unsold. The total number of completed sets of the project is only 33, accounting for only 13 percent.
According to market sources, the "insurance agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008, and the "insurance agreement" also appeared in Nanjing in 2008.
In August of that year, in order to attract the attention of buyers, Hengtang Xiyuan on Huangshan Road in Hexi Province launched the "Price Protection Plan". The specific content is "The Company solemnly promises that if the preferential margin of the project is expanded within one year, the resulting difference will be refunded to the old owner according to the difference".
Since then, in April 2011, nine properties in Nanjing have pledged to "pay the difference" by taking out part of the housing supply.
"The property market is picking up, at this time more need a shot of 'cardiotonic' at this time."
Mr. Shen, a senior trader in the real estate industry in Nanjing, said that the "insurance agreement" is also one of the marketing methods of real estate enterprises.
He believes that today's development enterprises need more confidence than buyers, the launch of the "price protection agreement" is actually to give it a boost.
As for whether to retain homebuyers, he said it depends on the impact of multiple factors such as regulatory policies and loan thresholds, which remains to be seen at present.
Taiwan's economy performed poorly in the beginning of the year due to a number of data recessions - China News Network ( Xinhua) .
Xinhua News Agency, Taipei, February 11 ( Reporter Zhao Bo, Huang Yang) Export trade volume "five blacks in a row", manufacturing purchasing managers index ( PMI) for seven consecutive months of tightening, consumer price index ( CPI) again see "3 words"... Recently, the Taiwan authorities have released economic data for January 2023 one after another.
Experts believe that Taiwan's economy has not performed well at the beginning of the year, and the growth pressure is not small.
According to the financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities, Taiwan's export 315 in January this year was announced. At $100 million, it dropped by 21 per year. Of two percent, there was the fifth consecutive month of negative growth for the second year.
Compared with the same period last year, the export volume of 11 major export categories has declined.
Plastic rubber and its products, optical equipment fell the most, with an annual decrease of 37 years, respectively. They were 6 or 35, and that was the case. 7 percent.
Exports of electronic components have decreased by 20 years. 1%, the largest decline in 11 years.
Among them, the IC decreased by 18 years. It was the largest decline in 14 years, 3%.
Cai Meina, director of statistics at the department, said that this shows that the weak demand effect of the consumer electronics industry has spread, and the electronics industry has entered a correction period.
Statistics show that in January, Taiwan's imports and exports fell, and the excess amount was only 23, only 23 yuan. $400 million, the lowest level in nearly three years.
The financial affairs department of the Taiwan authorities believes that global terminal demand has decreased, industrial inventory adjustment has suppressed manufacturers' willingness to purchase materials, and the export downturn is unlikely to improve in the short term. Taiwan's export recession in the first quarter of this year is likely to be higher than expected.
According to Taiwan's China Institute of Economic Research released in January this year, Taiwan's manufacturing purchasing managers' index ( PMI) seasonally adjusted for 40 after seasonal adjustment. They are up to 4 percent, down from 3 percent in December last year. With 3 percentage points and 7 consecutive months of contraction.
In the economic monitoring index system, PMI takes 50% as the line of prosperity and decline, and the index is greater than 50%, which represents economic expansion. On the contrary, it is a contraction.
Among the five components of Taiwan's PMI in January, new orders, production and manpower employment tightened, supplier delivery time decreased, inventory tightened, inventory tightened.
The six major industries all reported PMI contraction, and the industries were ranked according to the contraction speed as electric power and machinery and equipment ( 35) . 1 percent), electronics and optical industry ( 35 percent) . 2%), chemical and biotechnology medical industry ( 39) 2%), basic raw materials industry ( 42) 4), the transportation industry ( 42) . 6%) and the food and textile industry ( 45) . 7%)
In terms of prices, the "General Accounting Office" of the Taiwan authorities announced that Taiwan's CPI grew at an annual rate of 3 in January this year. 0.4%, which has been breaking through 3% again since July last year.
Among them, vegetable prices soared by 28 yuan. Just a quarter of a year, to set a 17-month high.
Cao Zhihong, a special member of Taiwan's "General Accounting Office", admitted that the increase in vegetable prices had indeed exceeded expectations. Excluding the Spring Festival factor, the average CPI in January and February this year should be close to 2 December last year. By the way, inflationary pressure still exists, and it is still at a high point.
Looking ahead to Taiwan's economy this year, experts expressed pessimism based on media reports on the island such as the United Daily News and Yahoo Finance.
Wu Daren, a professor of economics at Taiwan's "Central University", analyzed that the export recession may cause cash flow problems for export manufacturers and increase the risk of debt default.
At the same time, the reduction in orders has led manufacturers to cut labor costs, affecting the labor market and the household economy, which in turn has an impact on consumption capacity.
Qiu Dasheng, a researcher at the Taiwan Economic Research Institute, believes that the inflation situation in Europe and the United States has not been resolved this year, and demand continues to shrink. It is estimated that Taiwan's export recession will continue into the first half of the year.
As Taiwan's economy is supported by exports and affected by the downturn in exports, the performance of economic growth for the whole year will not be as good as last year.
"An important engine for global recovery" - Chinanews.com.
"In response to the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, China's economy has shown strong resilience.
Recent market expectations show that the international community is generally optimistic about China's future development.
Julio Rios, a well-known Spanish expert on China issues and honorary adviser to the China Policy Observatory Network, said in an interview with our reporter recently that the current epidemic prevention and control in China has entered a new stage, and the vitality of economic and social development will be further released.
Rios said that in the face of various unexpected factors, China has responded calmly with extraordinary economic governance experience and measures, fully reflecting its economic resilience and management level.
While China is unswervingly expanding its opening up to the outside world, the endogenous driving force of economic development has been continuously strengthened, and state-owned enterprises and private enterprises have developed in synergy with the development of private enterprises.
Every year, the two sessions of the National People's Congress of China are held. Representatives discuss national development plans and popular livelihood hotspots, gather consensus, people's hearts, and wisdom, and add strength to China's development.
Since the reform and opening up, China has achieved long-term high-speed development and has now entered a stage of high-quality development.
The international community looks forward to China's wisdom and China's plan, and expects China's development to bring new opportunities to the world.
Rios said that at present, China is making every effort to promote scientific and technological innovation and inject new impetus into economic and social development. "Capital investment, talent training, and policy incentives will make China continue to be full of vitality in the new five-year plan."
In Rios' view, economic system reform is a difficult task for any country.
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China, China not only gives full play to the strengths of the market economy, but also gives full play to the advantages of the socialist system, and takes proactive measures to stabilize the economy.
Focusing on the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, increasing financial support for the real economy, supporting the development of private, small and medium-sized enterprises and manufacturing industries, adhering to innovative development, promoting employment, improving the income and living standards of the Chinese people, and meeting the people's multi-level and diversified consumption needs... China will fully, accurately and comprehensively implement the new development concept, focus on promoting high-quality development, and build a new development pattern. It will bring more growth opportunities to the world.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Belt and Road Initiative.
"Economic stabilization and recovery after the epidemic is the common goal of the international community.
The continuous release of China's economic development potential will bring more benefits to countries around the world and become an important engine for global recovery.
Rios said that he looks forward to the joint construction of the "Belt and Road Initiative" cooperation to continue to play its important role in improving the infrastructure level of various countries and strengthening connectivity in various fields, and continue to release greater momentum.
( Madrid, our newspaper)
( People's Daily reporter Yan Huan)
Report The number of international students returning to China for job hunting in 2022 will reach a new high-Chinanews.com.
Top 10 Overseas Students Returning to China for Job Search in 2022 Source 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
BEIJING, Feb. 11 ( Xinhua) -- The "2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report" ( hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released by China New Net Beijing recently shows that the number of fresh international students in 2022 has increased by 8 year year-on-year compared with the same period last year. 6%, the number of international students returning to China for job hunting has reached a new high, and the demand for overseas talents by Chinese enterprises has also shown an upward trend.
The report points out that since 2020, the number of returnees seeking jobs in China has increased significantly, and the number of fresh international students returning to China to seek jobs has increased.
Compared with 2021, the number of fresh international students in 2022 increased by 8 year year-on-year. 6%, the number of international students returning to China for job hunting has reached a new high.
In terms of the distribution of overseas students returning to China to seek employment, the United Kingdom accounted for the highest proportion, at 41, with the highest proportion. 4 per cent, followed by Australia ( 20th) . 3rd) and the United States ( 9th), ranked the same as in 2021, the same ranking as in 2021.
In terms of year-on-year growth rate, the number of fresh international students from Malaysia, Japan and Singapore in 2022 increased significantly year-on-year, with growth rates of 66, respectively. 1/3, 50 for each other. 9 and 37 were attended. 7 percent.
The number of fresh international students from Canada, Germany, the United States and Australia decreased year-on-year, compared with the same period last year.
The supply and demand trend of returnees in the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
According to the survey, 58% of international students who decided to return home thought that "domestic life is more convenient", 40% decided to return home because they "more identify with the domestic cultural environment", 32% thought that "domestic employment opportunities are more", 22% thought that domestic economic activity would accelerate recovery and get more job opportunities. 22% thought that domestic economic activities would accelerate recovery and get more job opportunities.
Data show that the current demand for overseas talents by domestic enterprises is rapidly released, and the demand for returnee talents is on the rise.
In the first week after the Spring Festival in 2023, both the number of priority positions for returnees and the number of returnees seeking jobs in China showed an upward trend. On February 3, the number of priority positions for returnees increased by 11% compared with January 28, and the number of returnees seeking jobs increased by 27%.
From an industry perspective, the number of jobs from the education/training industry accounted for 27 of the priority jobs for returnees in 2022, consisting of 27 from the education/training industry. 8th, ranking first, professional services/consulting, Internet/e-commerce industry with 14th, respectively, with 14th respectively. 3rd, 11th. Men are divided into 2 or 3 columns by 1%.
Changes in the number of returnees seeking employment in China in recent years 2022 China Returnee Employment Survey Report"
From the perspective of salary, the average recruitment salary for priority positions of returnees has risen for three consecutive years, reaching 14, 680 yuan/month ( RMB, the same below) in 2022, an increase of 961 yuan or 7% from 13, 719 yuan/month in 2021, an increase of 7%.
In terms of regions, the willingness of returnees to go to new first-tier cities, second-tier cities and third-tier and below cities in 2022 has increased. The proportion of deliveries in 2022 is 31%, 15%, respectively. They have 7 and 14 points. Three percent, are higher than the delivery proportion in 2021.
For the gains from studying abroad, 52 are the gains. 7% of returnees said they basically met expectations, compared to the previous year ( 49) . improved by 9 percent) 2 percent. 8 points.
Twenty-eight. 2% of returnees said it was higher or much higher than expected, which is also higher than the 25th in 2021, when the proportion was higher than expected in 2021. It is 4 percent.
( End)
Save half or more of the cost.
Henan Province standardizes and integrates the price of oral implant medical services - Chinanews.com.
CCTV News. Dental implants are an ideal choice for many patients with missing teeth, but for a long time, the price of tens of thousands of yuan each has deterred many patients.
Since the beginning of this year, with the acceleration of dental implant collection, the price reduction of dental implants has also been put on the agenda in various places.
From February 10th, the whole process regulation and control target of the price of a single conventional dental implant medical service in Henan Province is 4300 yuan, and the whole process cost of a single conventional dental implant is not higher than 97% of the regulation target.
Dental implants refer to a type of missing tooth restoration that supports and retains the upper dental restoration based on the lower structure implanted in the bone tissue.
The reporter learned from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University that taking a single conventional planting as an example, from planting to final repair, the price is about 167, 000 yuan or so, about the price of about 17, 000 yuan.
Patient He Ying, a patient of He Ying's. After the new policy, the doctor told me that in my case, it is almost 8000 yuan, less than 10000 yuan, which can basically save half.
On the basis of the current project, Henan Province has also integrated and determined 15 dental implant medical service price items such as "implant implantation fee ( single) ", and uniformly formulated the price of provincial public medical institutions and medical insurance payment categories. 20 medical service price items such as dental implant implantation have been cancelled or adjusted.
Li Yunjie, director of the Medical Price and Tendering and Purchasing Department of Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau, is a member of the medical price and bidding procurement department of Zhengzhou Medical Security Bureau. The main beneficiaries are the four parties, one is medical insurance, and the expenditure on medical insurance is less. With less hospital overcrowding, the number of patients will increase appropriately. Like get a market for suppliers... It is the party that benefits most to our patients that the cost of implanting a tooth may be halved or even more.
Shenzhen. Create the first domestic and world-leading speed pioneer city-Chinanews.com.
BEIJING, Feb. 11 ( Xinhua) According to the "Shenzhen Gongxin" WeChat official account on the 10th, the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Industry and Information Technology recently issued the "Shenzhen Speed Pioneer City Construction Action Plan" of Shenzhen City.
Among them, it is proposed that by the end of 2023, a high-speed, large-capacity, and low-latency ultra-broadband network will be built to achieve the goal of "dual gigabit, all-optical network, 1 millisecond, and Internet of Everything" network construction, creating the first domestic and world-leading ultra-fast pioneer city.
The Plan proposes to accelerate the upgrade of gigabit optical networks.
By the end of 2023, the proportion of 10GPON ports will reach 100%, and the number of all-optical industrial parks ( industrial parks) will exceed 100.
The "Plan" requires that the energy efficiency of 5G networks be comprehensively improved.
Research and formulate Shenzhen 5G network service quality standards, carry out 5G network testing and evaluation, and improve 5G network service quality.
Support basic telecommunications enterprises to increase the optimization of 5G networks in key areas and places, and add 10, 000 5G base stations throughout the year. The city's average download rate reaches 500Mbps and uplink rate reaches 100Mbps. The download rate in key areas reaches 1000Mbps and the uplink rate reaches 200Mbps. The network speed and user experience have been greatly improved. The network speed and user experience have been greatly improved.
Create a city-level high-quality wireless LAN.
Formulate wireless local area network ( WLAN) service specifications in public places, promote WLAN upgrades in areas with dense personnel and concentrated information consumption demand in all districts of the city, and provide gigabit access capabilities.
Relying on the "deep i network" to build a unified certification and supervision platform for public wireless local area networks in the city, realize "one-time authentication, senseless roaming, intelligent switching", and support operators to incorporate social self-built APs ( wireless access points) with public service capabilities into the certification and supervision platform.
By the end of 2023, the total number of upgraded access APs will be no less than 20, 000 by the end of 2023.
In addition, the Plan also proposes to build a high-quality all-optical transport network, build a multi-level computing power supply system, accelerate the construction of key communication network facilities, and improve Internet application service capabilities.
The Plan clearly states that collaboratively build an IoT perception system.
Explore the construction and management mode of urban perception terminals based on the "Open Source Hongmeng" operating system, reduce docking costs, accelerate the construction of city-level IoT perception platforms, and promote the interconnection of urban IoT platforms and professional IoT platforms in various fields.
Deepen the application of IoT sensing in urban management, people's livelihood services, public safety, transportation and other fields, and expand mobile sensing acquisition channels such as fixed sensing and intelligent connected vehicles such as urban roads, buildings, and public facilities.
By the end of 2023, the number of water, electricity and gas IoT sensing terminals will exceed 9 million, and 20 multi-functional smart pole application demonstration projects will be built.
The plan also mentions strengthening the integration of satellite and ground communications applications, laying out low-altitude network infrastructure, and promoting the deep coverage of maritime 5G networks.
At the same time, we will promote in-depth coverage of offshore 5G networks, build an ecology for industrial innovation and development, and support the holding of top events and events.
( Zhongxin Finance)
China's e-commerce industry has emerged as a "new variable". How to bring goods to achieve "content is king"?
- China New Net
China News Service, February 11 China's e-commerce industry has emerged as a "new variable". How to bring goods to achieve "content is king"?
China-Singapore financial reporter Xia Bin.
"We entered e-commerce late, but we realized from the very beginning that if we want to stand out from thousands of stores, content is very important."
Fangfang, a "post-90s" girl from Guangdong, now runs a nourishing ingredients store on Douyin e-commerce, making an offline store with a history of more than 30 years "blossom" online.
Imitating the tone of old Hong Kong movies, accompanied by classic Cantonese songs, the exquisite video is refreshing when you open @ Fangfang's one-person tremolo account.
At the recently held Douyin E-commerce "Looking for Companions · High-quality Content Sharing Special Session", Fangfang spoke as a representative of high-quality creators, introducing her daily creative experience and experience.
She said at the scene that she was speaking. "The carefully polished video has gained a lot of attention from netizens. Many people are interested in my family's ingredients and want to cook delicious food together. The sales suddenly opened up.
”
Fangfang relied on soup-making videos to make more people fall in love with "Lao Guang's taste". A live broadcast sold up to 300, 000 nourishing ingredients, saving the family's old store on the verge of bankruptcy.
"No content, no e-commerce", with the continuous development of short video and live e-commerce, people's requirements and standards for e-commerce content are entering a new stage.
In the early days of the development of live streaming, live broadcast rooms often used low-price discounts to attract users, and the price advantage seemed to be the only selling point at that time.
In recent years, there are not only phenomenal big V such as Liu Xiehong and Oriental Selection, but also many unknown talents and merchants in the vertical segmentation field. They continue to create high-quality content in line with their own brand tone and improve long-term business efficiency.
According to Gao Yaxuan, head of Douyin e-commerce star author operations, 6.27 million creators have monetized content through Douyin e-commerce in the past year, their content creation volume has increased by 252%, and the total turnover has more than doubled.
"Behind these numbers, we can feel a thriving and vibrant author ecology.
” Gao Yaxuan said.
The Communication Innovation and Future Media Experimental Platform of Beijing Normal University previously released the "E-commerce Industry Content Ecological Health Index ( ECHI) Report", which analyzed the importance of high-quality content as a "new variable" in the current e-commerce industry from the data dimension, and used the index to evaluate the content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China. The content ecology of 27 mainstream e-commerce platforms in China was assessed.
According to the content ecological health index ranking of the e-commerce industry in the above report, Douyin e-commerce, Kuaishou, Taobao, Pinduoduo, and JD.com rank in the top five.
The report believes that the content ecology of the e-commerce industry is a comprehensive concept, which integrates e-commerce with content, but not all content can be integrated with e-commerce. Good PGC ( professional production content) and UGC ( user original content) are the high-quality carriers for integration with e-commerce. The higher the value of the content platform, the richer the consumption and promotion scenarios, the higher the possibility of e-commerce implantation, and the stronger the commercial value. The proportion of e-commerce content production and content consumption gradually integrated and distributed in the public and private spheres will also be higher.
At the scene, Yu Guoming, professor of the School of Journalism and Communication of Beijing Normal University and chairman of the China Media Economics and Management Professional Committee, analyzed and interpreted the report.
He said that in terms of content value, the current e-commerce industry has transitioned from "consumer accessibility" to "consumer quality" stage, and high-quality, professional and differentiated content is the "hard currency" of the e-commerce industry.
At the same time, content has become the foundation and starting point of the new stage of e-commerce development, knowledge payment, professional knowledge, KOL ( key opinion leaders) and other PGC content began to become the standard configuration in e-commerce live broadcasting.
Looking forward to the future development of the e-commerce industry, Yu Guoming put forward two suggestions.
One is to promote the overall improvement of the ecological health and quality of e-commerce content from the perspective of improving the content structure, create positive content creation and management standards, and achieve the index and dynamic balance of the content ecological health system in the e-commerce industry.
The other is to realize the healthy development of the content e-commerce industry and the value synergy and co-creation of the external environment from the perspective of external ecology.
"In the future, the e-commerce industry will need more data and artificial intelligence support to form a prediction of the stability of future development." In addition, it provides a more standardized and healthy growth space for merchants, realizes the value synergy of enterprises, users, products and services in the e-commerce industry, and creates a healthy content ecology.
"( End)
Margin trading business of Beijing Stock Exchange will start next week-Chinanews.com.
News from this newspaper ( reporter Sun Jie) Last night, the Beijing Stock Exchange announced that with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the margin trading business of the Beijing Stock Exchange will be officially launched on February 13. At that time, securities companies that have obtained the margin trading authority of the Beijing Stock Exchange can accept the entrustment of investors to declare margin trading and securities trading to the Beijing Stock Exchange.
The list of the first batch of 56 stocks subject to margin financing and securities lending will be determined on January 31, 2023 as the calculation base date.
The Beijing Stock Exchange stated that the list of stocks subject to margin trading and the list of securities that can be used as margin will be published through the "Information Disclosure-Margin Trading Information" column on the official website of the Beijing Stock Exchange, which is convenient for investors to inquire about.
Margin financing and securities lending is an important basic system in the securities market, and it is also a more mature trading method in the international securities market.
On September 2 last year, on the occasion of the first anniversary of the announcement of its establishment, the Beijing Stock Exchange publicly solicited opinions on the margin trading business.
The launch of the Beijing Stock Exchange's margin trading is an important measure to continue to promote the construction of the market system of the Beijing Stock Exchange, improve the trading mechanism, and improve the pricing function of the secondary market.
The margin trading system is conducive to enriching investors' trading strategies, meeting investors' diversified trading needs, promoting market price discovery, and further enhancing market liquidity.
In the next step, under the leadership of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, the Beijing Stock Exchange will continue to do a good job in guaranteeing the margin trading and securities lending business, enrich the trading system tools oriented to the needs of investors, improve the relevant supporting mechanisms, and strive to build a first-class exchange serving innovative SMEs.
The 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing He Lifeng attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech-Chinanews.com
Beijing, Feb. 11 ( Xinhua) On February 11, the 16th China-Japan Comprehensive Forum on Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection was held in Beijing in a combination of online and offline methods.
He Lifeng, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
He Lifeng pointed out that holding this forum is an important measure to implement the consensus reached by President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in Bangkok, and to strengthen China-Japan green development cooperation.
China will fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, accelerate the green transformation of the development mode, further promote environmental pollution prevention and control, comprehensively strengthen resource conservation, actively and steadily promote carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, coordinate carbon reduction, pollution reduction, green expansion and growth, and promote ecological priority, conservation and intensive, green and low-carbon development.
China is willing to work with Japan to continue to deepen green and low-carbon industrial cooperation, technical cooperation, policy dialogue and cultural exchanges, and promote green development cooperation between the two countries to a new level.
Japanese Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Yasutoshi Nishimura attended the main forum and delivered a keynote speech.
The forum was jointly organized by the National Development and Reform Commission of China, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan and the Japan-China Economic Association, including the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, intelligent automobile electrification, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade between China and Japan. 4 sub-forums on long-term trade between China and Japan include the main forum and four sub-forums on energy efficiency improvement, intelligent automobile electrification, hydrogen energy, and long-term trade.
Representatives from the governments, enterprises and institutions of China and Japan exchanged views.
The Chinese rescue team continues to carry out rescue operations in Turkey and has rescued 4 trapped people - CNN.com.
China News Service, February 11. According to the website of the Ministry of Emergency Management on the 11th, on February 10, the Chinese rescue team, which is searching and rescuing in Turkey, dispatched 3 operational teams and 45 rescue members to rescue 1 trapped person.
At the same time, two search and evaluation teams were dispatched to evaluate and investigate 15 buildings on Wodabash Street.
So far, a total of 4 trapped people have been rescued, 5 victims have been searched, and 25 severely collapsed buildings have been subjected to life signs and risk assessments.
The rescue team will scientifically adjust the rescue force according to the actual situation of the disaster area and the rescue scene, and continue to carry out in-depth rescue work in depth.
The rescue team obtains rescue and assistance information through various channels such as embassies, local governments, and United Nations rescue organizations, and verifies them one by one through online inquiries and on-site searches.
Introduce the current rescue environment and building collapse to the Hong Kong rescue team, and jointly carry out search operations.
At present, it is jointly responsible for regional coordination ( SSC5) with the Italian rescue team. At the same time, 3 team members are dispatched to participate in the work of the No. 5 Regional Rescue Coordination Center, communicate with Italy, the United Kingdom, Serbia, Slovakia, Oman and other teams, and learn about the rescue work of United Nations rescue organizations and rescue teams from various countries.
The rescue team continued to strengthen safety management and team security, in accordance with the principle of "unified command, safety first", strengthened safety management and control at the rescue site, strengthened discipline requirements for rescue work, and clarified safety precautions.
Continue to operate the rotating duty and sentry work system, and strengthen the safety management of the camp.
The medical personnel of the rescue team provide physical examination services for the team members every day, and strengthen the medical security of key personnel. At present, all members of the rescue team are in good health, and disinfection and sterilization is carried out in the camp.
Since the establishment of the camp, the logistics support team has set up 26 field tents in 4 categories, including command and communication, equipment storage, medical decontamination, living accommodation and kennels, to support more than 30 sets of on-site rescue equipment.
Xinhua News Agency commentator. Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic projectFour Discussions on Deeply Understanding General Secretary Xi Jinping's Important Speech at the Opening Ceremony of the Seminar on Studying and Implementing the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China-Chinanews.com
Beijing, Feb. 11 Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic projectFour Discussions to deeply understand General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar on studying and implementing the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Xinhua News Agency commentator.
"Promoting Chinese-style modernization is a systematic project, which requires overall consideration, systematic planning, and overall promotion, and correctly handles a series of major relationships such as top-level design and practical exploration, strategy and strategy, maintaining integrity and innovation, efficiency and fairness, vitality and order, self-reliance and self-improvement, and opening up to the outside world.
"At the opening ceremony of the seminar on learning and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China for members, alternate members and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels of the Central Committee, General Secretary Xi Jinping scientifically grasped the laws of modernization construction and thoroughly and systematically expounded a series of major relationships that need to be dealt with in practice. It provides a scientific methodology for us to vigorously promote Chinese-style modernization.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization involves various fields such as economy, politics, culture, society, ecological civilization, etc., and is related to all aspects of governance of the party, state, military, internal affairs, foreign affairs, and national defense. We should not only do a good job of systematic planning, but also have the courage to reform and innovate. We will continue to achieve overall progress and continuously promote overall progress.
To carry out top-level design, it is necessary to have a deep insight into the general trend of world development, accurately grasp the common aspirations of the people, and deeply explore the laws of economic and social development, so that the formulated planning and policy system can reflect the times, grasp the regularity, and be full of creativity. Up and down through, content coordination, to achieve the combination of far and near, the coordination of content, content coordination, and coordination.
Promoting Chinese-style modernization is an exploratory undertaking, and there are still many unknown areas that need to be boldly explored in practice and promote the development of the cause through reform and innovation.
Strategic issues are fundamental to a political party and a country.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, it is necessary to enhance the foresight of the strategy, foresee the future with a scientific strategy, and lead the future with a scientific strategy. It is necessary to enhance the overall nature of the strategy, focusing on solving major issues related to the success or failure of the cause of the party and the country, affecting the whole body and affecting the whole body. To enhance the stability of the strategy, once the strategy is formed, it is necessary to adhere to it for a long time, grasp it to the end, and do a good job.
It is necessary to scientifically grasp the dialectical unity relationship between strategy and strategy, organically combine the principle of strategy with the flexibility of strategy, be flexible, adapt to the situation, make decisions on the fly, and grasp the strategic initiative in adapting to local conditions, moving according to the situation, and taking advantage of the situation.
The Chinese nation is a nation of integrity and innovation.
To properly handle the relationship between integrity and innovation, we must not only keep the origin, root and soul of Chinese-style modernization, unswervingly adhere to the Chinese characteristics, essential requirements and major principles of Chinese-style modernization, ensure the correct direction of Chinese-style modernization, but also put innovation in a prominent position in the overall development of the country, conform to the requirements of the times, focus on solving major theoretical and practical problems, actively recognize changes and seek changes, vigorously promote reform and innovation, continuously shape and develop new kinetic energy and new advantages, fully stimulate the creative vitality of the whole society, and fully stimulate the creative vitality of the whole society.
Efficiency is an important basis for fairness, and fairness is a powerful guarantee for efficiency.
In order to promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only create higher efficiency than capitalism, but also more effectively safeguard social fairness, and better achieve the balance, promotion and unity of efficiency and fairness.
Handle the relationship between efficiency and fairness, continuously realize that development is for the people, development depends on the people, and the fruits of development are shared by the people, so that the fruits of modernization can benefit all the people more and more equitably.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we need to properly handle the relationship between vitality and order, so that society is both vibrant and stable and orderly.
It is necessary to coordinate the two major issues of development and security, implement the overall national security concept, improve the national security system, enhance the ability to maintain national security, and firmly safeguard the security of state power, institutional security, ideological security, and security in key areas.
Not only do we give more consideration to security factors in development, enhance national security strength through development, and use development achievements to consolidate the foundation of national security, but we are also adept at creating a security environment conducive to economic and social development, continuously stimulating development vitality, and achieving a positive interaction between high-quality development and high-level security.
To promote Chinese-style modernization, we must not only adhere to our own path, but also expand our world vision, adhere to opening up to the outside world, and continuously expand the breadth and depth of Chinese-style modernization.
We must adhere to independence, self-reliance and self-improvement, insist on putting the development of the country and the nation on the basis of our own strength, and insist on firmly grasping the destiny of China's development and progress in our own hands.
It is necessary to continuously expand high-level opening up to the outside world, deeply participate in global industrial division of labor and cooperation, make good use of both domestic and international resources, expand the development space of Chinese-style modernization, share development opportunities and create a better future in a mutually beneficial and win-win situation.
Only by following the path can we go far.
Let us, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core and under the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, grasp the rules, act with perseverance, give full play to our enthusiasm, initiative and creativity, properly handle a series of major relationships, strive to do something in the new journey of building a modern socialist country in an all-round way, and constantly open up a new realm of Chinese-style modernization.
The Biden administration blacklisted six Chinese entities suspected of involvement in the spy balloon program on Friday ( February 10) .
The Commerce Department said the five Chinese companies and a research institute helped modernize China's military, particularly its aerospace programs, including airships and aircraft, including airships and aircraft.
Blacklisted companies struggle to gain access to U.S. technology exports.
Known as the entitylist, companies on the list will not be able to purchase technology or goods from U.S. suppliers unless they obtain a special export license from the U.S. Department of Commerce.
blacklisted companies are blacklisted. Beijing Nanjiang Aerospace Technology Co., Ltd., the 48th Research Institute of China Electronics Technology Group, Dongguan Lingkong Remote Sensing Technology Co., Ltd., Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. and Shanxi Yingmen Aviation Technology Group Co., Ltd.
Prior to that, the White House said it was considering broader measures to "expose and address" China's larger surveillance activities that threaten US national security.
The balloon incident triggered further tensions between China and the United States, and U.S. Secretary of State Blinken cancelled his visit to China.
After the US shot down the balloon on February 4, the Chinese government lodged solemn representations with the US Embassy in China, criticizing the US for seriously impacting and damaging the efforts and process of the two sides to stabilize Sino-US relations.
Based on existing evidence of the wreckage and information on the Chinese military's procurement platform, the U.S. government concluded that the manufacturer of the balloon was "directly related to the Chinese People's Liberation Army" and was an approved supplier to the Chinese military.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Mao Ning said at a news conference on Friday that China has repeatedly explained the situation and clarified its position regarding the accidental incident of a Chinese unmanned airship mistakenly entering US airspace due to force majeure.
According to the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she added that the relevant resolutions of the US Congress are purely political manipulation and hype.
China is strongly dissatisfied with and firmly opposed to this.
Matthew Axelrod, assistant secretary for export enforcement at the Commerce Department, said. Today's action demonstrates our joint efforts to identify and prevent China's use of spy balloons that violate the airspace of the United States and more than 40 countries.
”
An employee of Guangzhou Tianhaixiang Aviation Technology Co., Ltd. said he was unaware of the sanctions and declined to comment further, Reuters reported.
The Chinese Embassy in the United States has not yet commented on the information.
( Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice. All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
Days after the earthquake struck parts of Turkey and Syria, hopes of finding survivors are fading, but a family of five rescued on Saturday gave search and rescue workers great relief.
The family of five was successfully rescued after being trapped under the rubble for more than five days in the hardest-hit town of Nurdai in Gaziantep province, the Associated Press reported.
Searchers first pulled the mother and daughter from a pile of rubble and then found the father, but he insisted that his son and another daughter be rescued first.
When they were all rescued, cheers rang out in the crowd.
In the southern Turkish city of Kahramanmarash, a 16-year-old boy and a 70-year-old woman were also successfully rescued in severe cold weather conditions.
"What day is it today?
"- The teenager, who was trapped under the ruins for 129 hours, asked the rescuers who rescued him after being brought back to the ground.
A man in Kahramanmarash holds his newly rescued cat.
Miraculously successful rescue cases have brought a glimmer of hope to the search and rescue work, but at the same time, the number of victims is also rising.
Monday's quake has killed more than 20, 000 people in Turkey and the death toll in neighboring Syria is estimated at more than 3, 500, according to official statistics.
While experts say people can survive up to a week or more after being trapped in the rubble, hopes of finding more survivors have become increasingly slim.
Rescuers are still using thermal imagers to look for signs of life beneath the rubble.
At the same time, the focus of relief efforts has shifted to helping survivors in urgent need of help.
UN official. Disaster 'unseen in a century' in the region.
Martin Griffiths, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, told a news conference in Turkey that the quake was the "worst disaster in a century" in the region.
He also praised Turkey's response to the disaster as "extraordinary".
He also told Reuters that he hoped to provide relief to areas controlled by the Syrian government and opposition, but also said the matter was "unclear" but that it was "not clear yet".
The United Nations has pledged an additional $25 million in relief donations to people affected by the earthquake in Syria.
Earlier this week, the United Nations announced $25 million for disaster relief in Turkey and Syria.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years.
Chilean earthquake ( 1960) .
At 3:11 p.m. local time on May 22, 1960, the largest earthquake ever recorded in human history occurred in Valdivia, Chile, with a moment magnitude of 9 as the seismic moment. 5.
In just ten minutes, the entire city of Valdivia was in ruins.
The huge tsunami triggered by the earthquake hit the Chilean coastline, setting off a huge tsunami with a wave height of 25 meters.
The tsunami spread to distant Japan and the Philippines.
The number of casualties and economic losses caused by such a large-scale disaster cannot be precisely known, but the economic losses cannot be precisely known.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years.
Great Alaska Earthquake ( 1964)
March 27, 1964 was a Friday and Good Friday.
On this day, the largest earthquake in North American history occurred in Alaska, USA, with a moment magnitude of 9. 2
Until 2006, the Great Alaska Earthquake was the third largest earthquake in the world on record.
At the time of the earthquake, a fault between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate broke in Prince William Sound near College Fjord.
The quake lasted 3 to 5 minutes in most areas.
The displacement of the seabed triggered a huge tsunami at a height of 67 meters.
Schools and many businesses were closed because it was a holiday.
The earthquake eventually killed 139 people.
Nine of them died as a direct result of the earthquake, while the other 130 died as a result of the tsunami caused by the earthquake.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years.
Tangshan Earthquake ( 1976)
On July 28, 1976, two strong earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above occurred in Tangshan City and Fengnan County, Hebei Province, China within 16 hours.
The epicenter was 23 kilometers above the ground.
Transportation, communication, water supply and power supply were interrupted throughout Tangshan City, and they were razed to the ground in an instant.
Strong tremors were also felt in the capital Beijing, 140 kilometers away.
According to official statistics, in all affected areas, including Beijing and Tianjin, the earthquake killed 242, 769 people and seriously injured 164, 851 people.
The Tangshan earthquake became the second deadliest earthquake on record in China, after the Jiajing earthquake in 1556.
But overseas scientists estimate the quake could have killed at least 650, 000 people.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years.
Indian Ocean Earthquake ( 2004)
On December 26, 2004, an earthquake occurred 160 kilometers west of Aceh Province, Sumatra Island, Indonesia, with a focal depth of 30 kilometers and a moment magnitude of 9 kilometers. From 1 to 9, they are available. 3.
The earthquake triggered a huge tsunami with a wave height of 15 to 30 meters.
A total of 14 countries along the Pacific coast were affected, with the worst-hit areas including Indonesia's Aceh province, Thailand's Hao Li and Phuket resorts, Sri Lanka and India's Tamil state.
At that time, it was the peak tourist season of Christmas, and a large number of tourists and local residents gathered in the affected areas. As a result, many tourists enjoying holidays on the beach and locals working by the sea were swept to the bottom of the sea by the tsunami, making many people missing in the earthquake.
The number of dead and missing is estimated to be at least 300, 000 people.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years.
Wenchuan Earthquake ( 2008)
On May 12, 2008, a major earthquake occurred in Wenchuan, Sichuan Province, China.
According to the China Earthquake Administration, the earthquake had a surface wave magnitude of 8 in the earthquake. Grade 2, moment magnitude 8, the moment magnitude of the earthquake. Grade 3, the damage area exceeded 100, 000 square kilometers.
As of September 25, 2008, the earthquake caused a total of 69227 people were killed, 17923 were missing, 374643 were injured to varying degrees. 1993, the earthquake caused a total of 69227 people were killed, 1723 were missing, and 374643 were injured to varying degrees. 3.3 million people lost their homes, and the total affected population reached 4625 people. 60, 000 people.
It was the most destructive earthquake since the founding of the People's Republic of China and the one with the heaviest casualties after the Tangshan earthquake.
In March 2009, the State Council of China announced that May 12 of each year would be designated as Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Day to strengthen public education and attention to disaster prevention and mitigation work.
Since then, many governments and primary and secondary schools in China have held earthquake drills on this day every year.
Primary and secondary schools have also begun to attach importance to popularizing education on "earthquake prevention and disaster reduction".
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years.
Haiti Earthquake ( 2010)
On January 12, 2010, the Caribbean island of Haiti was hit by the Richter 7 at sea. magnitude 0 earthquake.
The epicenter was 25 kilometers southwest of the Haitian capital, Port-au-Prince, and the epicenter was about 13 kilometers from the surface.
The International Committee of the Red Cross estimates that about 3 million people have been affected by the earthquake.
The Haitian government put the confirmed death toll at more than 200, 000 people.
In some parts of Haiti, as many as 90% of houses were destroyed in the earthquake.
Despite massive aid and support from the international community, the overpopulated, corrupt and impoverished country never recovered from the disaster.
The world's most destructive earthquake in 60 years.
Great Tohoku Earthquake ( 2011) in Japan.
On March 11, 2011, a moment magnitude of 9 occurred off the coast of northeastern Japan, with a moment magnitude of 9. The earthquake in the large-scale thrust area of 0.
The epicenter was located in the Pacific Ocean east of Sendai, the capital of Miyagi Prefecture. The depth of the epicenter was 24 kilometers, and it triggered a maximum climb of 40 meters. A huge tsunami of 1 meter.
The quake was the first earthquake with a magnitude of more than 9 on record in Japan since observation records began.
There are about 2 of them. About 400, 000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed when 20, 000 people were killed in the disaster, and about 400, 000 buildings were completely destroyed or collapsed.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was affected by the earthquake and tsunami.
The accident was categorized as a severity 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale ( INES), the most serious.
The Fukushima nuclear accident led to the measurement of trace amounts of radioactive substances around the world, including iodine-131 and cesium-137 ( with a half-life of 30 years) .
A large number of radioisotopes were released into the Pacific Ocean as a result of the nuclear accident.
According to United Nations statistics, at least 870000 people are in urgent need of food in the affected areas of Turkey and Syria.
In Syria alone, as many as 5.3 million people lost their homes as a result of the earthquake.
The World Food Program ( WFP) has appealed for $77 million to feed people displaced by earthquakes in Turkey and Syria.
At present, the temperature in the disaster area is as low as zero, and many victims have no shelter.
The Turkish government has distributed a large number of hot meals, tents and blankets, but these supplies are still difficult to reach many people in need of help.
In Syria, which has been mired in civil war for 12 years, the earthquake has exacerbated the suffering of the people through the snow.
Within four days of the earthquake, the World Food Program has sent 11 people to Turkey and Syria in Turkey and Syria. 50, 000 people have provided food relief.
The World Health Organization ( WHO) sent 72 tons of medical supplies for trauma treatment and emergency surgery.
( Associated Press, Reuters, etc.)
© 2023 Deutsche Welle Copyright Notice. All content in this article is protected by copyright law and may not be used without special authorization from Deutsche Welle.
Any misconduct will result in recovery and criminal prosecution.
NEWS GOV-MO: Alert: The police appealed to the public to beware of fraudulent text messages from fake telecommunications companies.
Recently, the police department received a number of telecommunications fraud cases. The criminals sent fraudulent text messages with website links to the victims by pretending to be local telecommunications companies. They lured the victims to log on to fake websites to exchange rewards as soon as their points expired.
The victim entered the credit card information and verification code according to the instructions, and then received a notification from the financial institution that the credit card had an unknown consumption record. He suspected that the credit card information had been stolen through the above website.
After investigation, it was confirmed that the relevant telecommunications companies did not send the above short messages.
Members of the public are urged to be vigilant if they receive similar SMS messages, and not to log in to the website links contained in the SMS or provide any personal information. If you are asked to provide credit card information, account transaction password, transaction verification code, you should be more cautious to prevent credit card theft.
Anti-fraud tips.
1. Pay more attention to network security information and improve personal awareness of prevention.
2 Do not log in to websites from unknown sources and register personal and credit card information on the website to prevent misappropriation.
3. Be alert to counterfeit websites and phishing websites, and always pay attention to whether the website URL matches the official website completely.
4. Install antivirus software for your phone, mobile device or computer and update it regularly.
5. When you suspect fraud or other crimes, you should immediately call the Anti Fraud Inquiry Hotline 88007777 or the Reporting Hotline 993 of the Police Department for assistance.
NEWSGOV-MO: Large-scale Hong Kong delegation visits tourist attractions and facilities in Macao to attract Hong Kong tourists and expand Hong Kong and Macao "online travel" between Hong Kong and Macao.
MGTO organized a large-scale Hong Kong delegation of more than 100 people composed of representatives from the tourism department of the Hong Kong government, the tourism industry and the media to Macao. In addition to working meetings and industry negotiations, representatives from the Hong Kong travel agency industry and the media also visited a number of tourist attractions, hotels and tourism-related facilities in Macao in batches to introduce the latest Macao tourism products to the Hong Kong market. At the same time, they promoted cultural and tourism links between the two places and jointly expanded the "online travel" market in Hong Kong and Macao. The "online travel" market in Hong Kong and Macao is jointly developed.
Visit in person to introduce new ways of tourism in Macau.
This large-scale delegation of 100 people from Hong Kong included leaders and supervisors of tourism-related departments of the Hong Kong government, more than 60 representatives from travel agencies and cross-border transportation operators from Hong Kong and Macao, as well as about 30 journalists from travel magazines and newspapers, representatives of social media and online media, as well as bloggers/Internet celebrities, who visited Macao for exchanges and visits to learn about the latest tourism resources in Macao. The Hong Kong industry and media brought new ways of tourism in Macao to Hong Kong residents and visitors, taking advantage of the advantages of Hong Kong's transportation hub to expand the "online travel" market between Hong Kong and Macao by expanding the Hong Kong and Macao "online travel" market.
Two days of intensive travel to find business opportunities to increase publicity.
Yesterday and today, the delegation visited the World Heritage Site "Historic City of Macau" in groups, experienced the Macau Grand Prix Museum, "Time Travel‧Traveling at the Three Buses" - immersive digital experience exhibition at the Ruins of St. Paul's, Macau Pinghui, Taipa Old Town, as well as a number of large-scale resort hotels and facilities. Upper Lisboa, The Karl Lagerfeld, Wynn Palace, MGM Cotai, Morpheus, Macau Londoners, Macau Galaxy, City of Dreams Artelli multi-dimensional art space and Macau Venetian teamLab supernatural space, etc.
Through visiting Macau's tourism facilities and experiencing Macau's "tourism +" elements, members of the delegation shared Macau's tourism resources and travel experience with Hong Kong residents, and integrated the promotion and sales of Macau's latest tourism products to Hong Kong residents.
Attracting Hong Kong tourists to expand "online travel" between Hong Kong and Macau.
Taking advantage of the resumption of customs clearance, MGTO launched a publicity campaign in the Hong Kong market and launched various concessions, including the introduction of round-trip transport ticket concessions to Hong Kong and Macao, and advertising on online and offline platforms with brand-new promotional videos.
Following last month's invitation to Hong Kong tourism industry leaders to Macao for exchange and inspection and Hong Kong Internet celebrities to experience Macao's "Tourism +" first-hand, this time organizes Hong Kong tourism industry and media representatives to visit Macao again to step up marketing efforts to attract Hong Kong tourists to stay in Macao for consumption. The industries of the two places have also negotiated to jointly expand the "online travel" market of Hong Kong and Macao, jointly expand the mainland and overseas markets, and promote the recovery of the tourism industry of the two places to promote the recovery of the tourism industry. Promote the recovery of the tourism industry of the two places.
Xi Jinping wrote back to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team in Central Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, and to tell the Chinese story well with practical actions - Rolling News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng Online.
Xi Jinping wrote back to encourage the members of the Chinese medical team to aid China and Africa to benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, and to tell the Chinese story well with practical actions.
2023-02-1113:09:10 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor in charge: Li Xufeng] Font: [Large Medium Small] [Large Medium Small]
Beijing, Feb. 10 ( Xinhua) -- Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, President of the State and Chairman of the Central Military Commission, replied to the 19th batch of Chinese medical team members assisting the Central African Republic on February 9, greeting them and the vast number of foreign aid medical team members with greetings and expressing great expectations.
In his reply, Xi Jinping said that you have overcome difficulties in work and life in Central Africa and served the local people wholeheartedly. You are not only angels in white who save lives and help the wounded, but also friendly messengers who convey friendship.
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the dispatch of China's foreign aid medical teams. I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the comrades who are and have been carrying out foreign aid medical missions.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese people love peace and cherish life, and foreign aid medical treatment is a vivid manifestation of vitality.
I hope that you will not forget your original intention and keep your mission in mind, vigorously carry forward the spirit of the Chinese medical team, which is not afraid of hardship, willing to dedicate itself to saving lives and helping the wounded, and the spirit of great love, benefit the local people with benevolence and benevolence, tell the Chinese story with practical actions, and make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a human health community. Make greater contributions to promoting the construction of a human health community.
Medical aid is an important part of China's foreign aid work.
In 1963, China sent the first foreign medical team to Algeria.
Over the past 60 years, a total of 30, 000 medical team members have been dispatched to 76 countries and regions in Africa, Asia, the Americas, Europe and Oceania, and 20 patients have been diagnosed and treated. The 9 billion people have won wide acclaim from the international community.
Currently, foreign aid medical teams work in 115 medical sites in 56 countries around the world, nearly half of which are in remote and difficult areas.
Recently, 11 members of the 19th batch of Chinese medical teams to aid China and Africa wrote to General Secretary Xi Jinping to report on the study and implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the provision of medical services to the local people, expressing their determination to contribute to the building of a human health community.
New members, alternate members of the Central Committee and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels studied and implemented Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
New members, alternate members of the Central Committee and major leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels studied and implemented Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the Completion of the Workshop on the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
2023-02-1113:07:20 [Source: Xinhua News Agency] [Editor in charge: Li Xufeng] Font: [Large Medium Small] [Large Medium Small]
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, Feb. 10 ( Xinhua) . Members, alternate members of the newly appointed Central Committee and key leading cadres at the provincial and ministerial levels studied and implemented Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. On the afternoon of the 10th, they graduated from the Central Party School ( State Administration College) . Cai Qi, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and secretary of the Central Secretariat, attended the closing ceremony and made concluding remarks as a concluding speech.
He said that it is necessary to thoroughly study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar, more firmly support the "two establishments" and resolutely achieve the "two safeguards", enhance their competence and real work, solidly promote the work of Chinese modernization, and create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and the people in building a modern socialist country in an all-round way and promoting the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation in an all-round way. Work to create achievements that can stand the test of history, practice and the people.
During the seminar, all students, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, earnestly studied the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the important speech delivered by General Secretary Xi Jinping at the opening ceremony of the seminar, conducted in-depth discussions and exchanges in connection with the actual situation, deepened their understanding of a series of major theoretical and practical issues of Chinese-style modernization, enhanced their confidence and determination to comprehensively promote the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation with Chinese-style modernization under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, and enhanced their sense of responsibility and mission to perform their duties, do a good job, and ensure a good start to the new journey in the new era. A sense of responsibility and mission to work
At the closing ceremony, 10 representatives of the seminar made speeches and reported and exchanged their learning gains.
Cai Qi said that learning and implementing Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is not only the primary political task at present and in the future, but also a long-term strategic task. In accordance with the requirements of "comprehensive learning, comprehensive grasp, and comprehensive implementation", it is necessary to promote learning and implementation work to go deeper, to the reality, and to the heart.
It is necessary to more deeply understand the decisive significance of the "two establishments", resolutely safeguard the core position of General Secretary Xi Jinping, safeguard the authority of the Party Central Committee and centralize and unify leadership, continuously improve political judgment, political comprehension, and political execution, and always maintain a high degree of consistency with the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core in ideological and political action.
We must strive to master the housekeeping skills of Marxist theory, consciously use the party's innovative theory to arm our minds, guide practice, and promote work, and work hard in deep learning, understanding, and acting, truly learning a firm belief, learning absolute loyalty, and learning mission responsibility.
It is necessary to implement the decisions and arrangements of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China with a motivated mental state, solidly promote Chinese-style modernization, roll up your sleeves and work hard, throw yourself down to be a good "construction captain", step by step, turn the blueprint into a reality. One footprint will become a reality, step by step, turn the blueprint into a reality.
We must bear in mind that the comprehensive and strict governance of the party is always on the road, and the party's self-revolution is always on the road. We must tighten and compact the political responsibility of the comprehensive and strict governance of the party, take the party's political construction as the guide, and further promote the new great project of party building in the new era of the party.
We should strengthen our ability to promote high-quality development, serve the masses, prevent and resolve risks, vigorously promote the style of investigation and research, and resolutely prevent and overcome formalism, bureaucracy, and bureaucracy.
Shi Taifeng, Li Ganjie, Li Shulei, Chen Wenqing, Liu Jinguo, and Wang Xiaohong attended the closing ceremony. Chen Xi presided over the closing ceremony.
Google AI chatbot "answered the wrong question", the parent company's stock price evaporated hundreds of billions of dollars.
( Comprehensive 11th)
Google's new artificial intelligence chatbot Bard got off to a bad start and "answered the wrong question" in a promotional video, causing the stock price of Google's parent company Alphabet to plunge by 8 on Wednesday at one point. As of 9 percent, the market capitalization evaporated by $110 billion ( about 4765 billion ringgit), and as of Friday's closing price, it closed and closed. $57,
The market is worried that Alphabet is not as good as rival Microsoft.
According to Reuters, Google earlier released a promotional video of Bard, an AI chatbot, on social media in which someone asked Bard. "I can tell my 9-year-old about the new discoveries of the James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST) ."
In his reply, Bard mentioned that the telescope had taken the first picture of an extrasolar planet.
However, according to NASA, the first picture of an extrasolar planet was taken by the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in 2004, which was taken by the European Southern Observatory in 2004.
Reuters also reported "Alphabet shares plummet after Bard answered incorrectly".
Google, on the other hand, noted that Bard's response "highlights the importance of a rigorous testing process, " combining external feedback with its own internal testing to ensure Bard's response "meets high standards based on quality, safety, and truthful information."
Singapore's tourism industry has recovered strongly, and the number of inbound tourists has increased 19 times over 2021 by 19 times.
( Comprehensive 11th) The Singapore Tourism Board recently announced that it is expected that the number of international tourists visiting Singapore in 2023 will reach 12 million to 14 million, which will bring about 18 billion to 21 billion Singapore dollars in tourism revenue. The number of tourists and tourism revenue will recover to about 67% to 75% of the pre-COVID-19 level in 2019 before the COVID-19 pandemic. The possibility of a full recovery of tourism in 2024 is very high.
In 2022, the Singapore tourism market will gradually restart and recover.
The latest statistics released by the Singapore Tourism Board show that the number of inbound tourists in 2022 will exceed 33 in 2021, from 2021. The increase of 06 million was 19 times, reaching 6.3 million, surpassing the 4 million to 6 million estimated by the Tourism Board earlier, and tourists have recovered to 33% of their pre-epidemic level.
From January to September 2022, Singapore has a total of 89 tourism revenue. S $60 billion, and it is expected that the annual tourism revenue in 2022 will reach S $13.8 billion to S $14.3 billion, compared with 18 in 2021, which is 18 in 2021. The 9 billion Singapore dollars has increased by 6 to 7 times, and it has recovered to the level of about 50% to 52% before the COVID-19 epidemic in 2019, which is about 50% before the COVID-19 epidemic.
The Singapore government has taken multiple measures to accelerate the recovery of tourism.
In April 2022, the government announced the allocation of nearly S $500 million to stimulate tourism recovery.
The Tourism Board recently announced that it plans to allocate 1 from this budget over the next two years from this budget. 100 million Singapore dollars to launch more business and leisure activities to attract tourists back to the city.
In an effort to make health and wellness one of Singapore's tourism highlights, the Singapore Tourism Board ( STB) released a call for expressions of interest on 23 November 2022 for the development of a health and wellness attraction on Singapore's southern coast.
Wang Lingli, executive director of sports and wellness tourism at the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in recent years, more and more tourists have put their health at the top of their list of considerations.
The development of a health and wellness attraction in Binhai South District, which has Binhai Bay Garden and Binhai Dam, is expected to contribute to Singapore's tourism industry and economy, allowing tourists to spend and stay longer in Singapore.
Chen Jianlong, director of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that in the next few years, health and wellness will become an important part of Singapore's tourism products.
The COVID-19 pandemic has raised public awareness and demand for physical and mental health.
To this end, MGTO has been promoting health and wellness programs to the local public and international tourists for the past two years.
In June 2022, the Singapore Tourism Board held its inaugural Health Festival, offering the public more than 130 various health activities and experiences.
Singapore will continue to provide new travel experiences for tourists.
In addition to the newly opened Singapore Children's Museum, Avatar World at Gardens by the Bay, Sentosa Central Beach Market, the new "Explore New Frontiers" exhibition hall at the ArtScience Museum, and the new amphitheatre at the Night Safari Park, MGTO will support the development and renewal of projects such as the Bird Park at the World of Wonders to make Singapore an attractive international travel destination.
According to the plan, Singapore will formulate relevant industry standards for the sustainable development of the conference, exhibition and incentive tourism industry by 2023, and focus on improving waste treatment and carbon emissions to further optimize the tourism environment.
Singapore's tourism recovery has accelerated the airline recovery.
Data show that as of December 18, 2022, Changi Airport has seen a strong recovery in passenger traffic, with up to 150, 000 passengers per day and about 1 million passengers per week, equivalent to about 75% of the pre-COVID-19 level. The number of employees in the aviation industry has also recovered to about 90% of the pre-epidemic level. About 90% of the pre-epidemic level.
Data show that Singapore has received 23.6 million passengers from January to October 2022, equivalent to 42% of the number before the COVID-19 epidemic, and 170, 000 flights have taken off and landed, 53% of the number before the epidemic.
The rapid recovery of tourism has also led to the recovery of accommodation, transportation, catering and shopping industries.
The Singapore government and the tourism industry have high hopes for the Chinese market.
Ke Shudan, assistant director of the International Department of the Singapore Tourism Board, said that a survey by the Chinese travel platform showed that Singapore's safety index ranked among the top three in the world, which is one of the reasons why Singapore is so popular with Chinese tourists.
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, about 3.6 million people from China traveled to Singapore for vacation every year.
As China relaxes its border policies, it is expected that the number of Chinese tourists this year will recover to 30% to 60% of that in 2019, and the number of Chinese tourists will recover to 30% to 60% of that in 2019.
Ke Shudan pointed out that next, the Tourism Bureau will pay close attention to the further signals released by China's outbound travel policy in response to changes in tourist demand.
In addition to strengthening partnerships with Chinese online travel platforms and travel agencies such as Ctrip, Singapore Tourism Board will actively prepare to receive Chinese tourists in response to new trends in overseas travel in China.
Looking ahead to the tourism market in 2023, the Singapore Tourism Board is confident that the pace of tourism recovery will be faster than expected as long as there is no significant recession in the global economy affecting public income and no new large-scale deadly outbreaks.
Kim Jong-un's father-daughter interaction and intimate wife were left out in the cold.
( Comprehensive, 11th) North Korea held a military parade for the 75th anniversary of Army Day on the evening of the 8th. Kim Ju-ae, the daughter of leader Kim Jong Un, not only attended, but also stood on the rostrum with her father.
North Korean state media released a video on the 9th. Top gifter loves to snuggle up to her father, looking at each other warmly and whispering several times. She gently holds her father's cheek with both hands, and even touches her father's chest. The interactive picture of father and daughter is broadcast all over the country and below.
However, First Lady Li Xuezhu could only step aside.
According to South Korea's "North Korea News" and other reports, in the official photo of Kim Jong-un and Ri Sol-ju's wife attending the dinner with their daughter Kim Jong-ae on the 7th, Kim Jong-ae not only rarely sat in the middle of her parents' seat, but also boarded the rostrum with Kim Jong-un at the military parade on the 75th anniversary of Army Day the next night. She also boarded the rostrum with Kim Jong-un on the podium with Kim Jong-un on the 7th.
North Korean state media "Korean Central Television" later released a video of the military parade, exposing more images of the deep love between father and daughter.
Kim Jong-un looked at his daughter several times on the podium. The smiles on their faces never faded, and they whispered to each other in their ears. At one point, Kim Ju-ae cupped his father's cheeks with both hands. Kim Jong-un also responded with a bright smile.
Other state media footage also showed Ms. Kim repeatedly touching her father's face as she sat on an indoor sofa chair with Mr. Kim, using her hands. As she walked arm in arm with her father, she touched Kim Jong-un's chest with her hand while touching it.
The first lady, Li Xuezhu, could only walk behind or sit aside, always a few steps away from her husband and daughter.
South Korean media pointed out that since the first public appearance of the test-fired Mars 17 missile on November 18 last year, the probability of exposure has become higher and higher in the past three months, and it is now the fifth time that it has appeared on a formal occasion.
North Korean state media mentioned Kim Ju-ae with extremely high honorific titles such as dearest son and honored son, and also broadcast clips of Kim Ju-ae repeatedly shouting and vowing to support the white-headed bloodline in the stands overlooking the parade.
These signs make the outside world doubt whether Kim Jong-un's daughter has been designated as the successor of the Kim regime. The Washington Post analyzed that "this is a signal that Kim Jong-un has pushed his middle school-aged daughter to the position of successor." However, there are also views that such a judgment is still premature. In the case of Kim Jong-un having a son, there are still various possibilities. In the case of Kim Jong-un having a son under his knee, there are still various possibilities.
Chongyang Q&A  How to view the US non-farm payrolls data in January exceeding expectations and future trends - Economic Observation Network - Professional Financial News Website - how to see the US non-farm payrolls data greatly exceeding expectations and future trends - Economic Observation Network - Professional Financial News Website
Q. May I ask how Chongyang Investment views the US non-farm payrolls data in January exceeding expectations and future trends?
A On February 3, the U.S. Department of Labor released non-farm employment data for January 2023, adding non-farm employment to 51 new non-farm employment. At 70, 000, it was significantly higher than the market expectations of the 18th. 90, 000 people. Unemployment fell to 3 percent. Fourteen percent - the lowest level in nearly 50 years. Hourly earnings are increasing at a year-on-year rate of 4 per hour. It is up to 4 percent and up to 0 percent. 3, that's slightly slow down.
From the aggregate point of view, there are many one-time and technical disturbances in this data, such as the staff returning from strikes, the revision of the survey statistical caliber, and the update of the quarterly adjustment factor, which may be revised in the future ( referring to the January 2022 increase in non-agricultural employment from 50 to 50 in 2022) . Fourteen thousand people have been repaired to 36 people. Over 70, 000), non-farm payrolls or not as strong as the data suggests.
From a structural point of view, the impact of layoffs in high-tech enterprises is still there, but the proportion is relatively low. High-contact service industries such as leisure hotels, education and health care have seen a significant increase in new employment, and data show that there is still a labor gap in the service sector.
Combined with the same larger-than-expected PMI for the service sector, a recovery in job vacancies and labor gap data, and a strong consumer credit data, we judge that the US service sector has ushered in a rapid recovery after extreme weather and holidays.
We believe that it is difficult to improve the supply and demand tension in the US job market without a recession.
At present, there is still a supply gap of more than 5 million in the US labor market, and the labor force participation rate is rising slowly, especially the labor force participation rate of 25-54 years old is close to the pre-epidemic high.
In addition, due to the strength of US residents' excess savings and consumer credit, strong consumer demand will further delay the impact of tightening policies on the job market.
Continued tight supply and demand in the US job market will be the undercurrent of the US economy in 2023.
Superposition is now approaching the end of interest rate hikes, and inflation expectations are constantly repeating. We are not optimistic about the continued decline in wage growth.
Before the release of this data, the US stock and bond exchange market was too optimistic about the Fed's interest rate hike path.
With the continuous improvement of inflation data, the Fed has continued to maintain the fragile balance of market inflation expectations while shortening the pace of interest rate hikes, but the market has turned a blind eye to the Fed's hawkish statement. It not only expects to stop raising interest rates in advance, but also expects two interest rate cuts at the end of the year. Two interest rate cuts are also expected at the end of the year.
In the context of tight supply and demand in the labor market and unclear impact of tightening policies, we believe that the Fed's guidance on raising interest rates at the end of the year is relatively reasonable. The adjustment of extreme market expectations and crowded trading may cause some harm to the market.
Nevertheless, the stubbornness of wage growth cannot change the current trend of rapid decline in inflation. With the M2 data turning negative year-on-year and the gradual improvement of various CPI sub-leading indicators, the US CPI data has turned to a stage of rapid decline since October. The stubbornness of wage growth will only form a foundation for future inflation data. The current market expectations are difficult to falsify. After the release of the next inflation data, the market may enter a new round of gaming.
Zheng Yonggang, the founder of Shanshan, died of sudden heart disease and led the transformation of China's first clothing company - Economic Observation Network - professional financial news website.
Economic Observation Network reporter Zheng Yuxin On February 11, the WeChat official account of Shanshan Holdings Co., Ltd. ( hereinafter referred to as "Shanshan Holdings") issued an obituary. Zheng Yonggang, founder of Shanshan Enterprises and chairman of the board of directors of Shanshan Holdings, died on February 10, 2023 at the age of 65, at the age of 65, due to ineffective treatment of sudden heart disease.
In the 1980s, Zheng Yonggang served as the factory director of the state-run cotton mill. With the transfer, Zheng Yonggang became the factory director of Ningbo Yungang Garment Factory, the predecessor of Shanshan Co., Ltd., in 1989.
In December 2022, at the 20th Annual Meeting of Chinese Enterprise Leaders and the 22nd Annual Meeting of Future Stars of Chinese Enterprises, Zheng Yonggang said in his speech that in the Chinese suit market in the 1990s, the market share of Shanshan brand was as high as 37%.
1996 Sugo ( 600884) SH) went public and became the first listed company in China's garment industry.
When the clothing business was in full swing, Shanshan Group began to transform, because Zheng Yonggang realized that "once the market is opened up, Chinese brands will naturally form an echelon brand market. Shanshan suits want to always lead the way, and it is unlikely to become the national clothing of Chinese people for a long time."
In 1999, Shanshan began to study enterprise transformation. Zheng Yonggang recalled that year, "We came to Shanghai to find out what to do with transformation. We specially found many experts and scholars to hold some Zhuge Liang meetings and retreat seminars continuously."
Finally, we set two broad strategic directions.
The first direction is new energy and new materials, and the other is that great health has a future."
After the strategic direction was determined, Shanshan began to look for cooperation. At that time, the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute supporting Anshan Iron and Steel was working on the national 863 project, and the scientific research funds were not enough, so Shanshan and the Carbon Research Institute of Anshan Thermal Energy Institute signed a cooperation agreement to jointly promote the industrialization of the national 863 project "Mesophase Carbon Microspheres" project, engaged in the research and development, production and sales of negative electrode materials, and realized the commercial promotion of negative electrode materials in China.
In 2001, Shanshan Co., Ltd. realized the large-scale production of mesophase carbon microspheres and began to replace Japan as the main supplier of mesophase carbon microspheres in China.
This is the first lithium-ion battery anode material production enterprise in China, realizing the localization of lithium-ion battery anode materials.
With the rapid popularization of the application of lithium batteries, the lithium battery business of Shanshan Co., Ltd. began to develop gradually. In 2007, the lithium battery material business was written into the main business of Shanshan Co., Ltd., and the proportion of clothing business revenue decreased year by year. Until 2013, the revenue of lithium battery material business exceeded that of clothing business in an all-round way.
In February 2021, Shanshan Co., Ltd. successfully acquired LG Chemical polarizer business, entered the LCD polarizer market, and established Shanjin Optoelectronics, a polarizer company. The technology content in this field is relatively high. Shanshan's main competitors are the world's top 500 companies, such as Samsung in South Korea, Sumitomo Chemical in Japan, and Nitto Denko in Japan.
Zheng Yonggang once shared the experience of post-investment management, "Chinese private enterprises acquire some international high-tech enterprises, the probability of success is relatively low, why those acquisitions will fail, why those acquisitions will fail." Why do those acquisitions fail?
Because everyone will think about it, I spent so much money, I have to send someone to manage it, right? This is a common behavior. However, Zheng Yonggang is different. On the day of the successful acquisition of Shanshan, Zheng Yonggang went to Shanjin Optoelectronics and publicly announced that Shanshan, as a major shareholder of Shanjin, decided to implement one enterprise, two systems. In addition to Zheng Yonggang as chairman, people from Shanshan enterprises were not sent to Shanjin and adopted the method of authorized operation. The original distribution system, corporate culture and various management models remain unchanged.
ICC Xinliao Information released 2022 negative electrode data showing that Shanshan negative electrode shipments exceeded 200, 000 tons in 2022, a year-on-year increase of 100%, a market share of 16%, artificial graphite negative electrode material shipments continued to rank first in the list, and artificial graphite negative electrode materials continued.
In terms of polarizer business, YanoResearch statistics show that the company's Shanjin Optoelectronics will have a global market share of 29% in 2022 and is expected to reach 32% in 2023, continuing to rank first in the world.
In the first three quarters of 2022, Shanshan's revenue was 158, which was three quarters. The net profit is 23.4 billion yuan, with a net profit of 23. 1.30 billion yuan. On February 10, Shanshan Co., Ltd.'s share price was 19.9 for Shanshan Co., Ltd. 24 yuan/share, total market value of 43.6 billion yuan.
On February 9, Shanshan said on the interactive platform that by the end of 2022, the company's graphitization effective capacity was about 100, 000 tons, and the graphitization capacity of the Meishan project was still climbing.
Wind shows that Zheng Yonggang is still the chairman and actual controller of Shanshan shares.
Tianyancha shows that Zheng Yonggang holds a total equity stake of 40 Shanshan Holdings Limited. 1 per cent
The general manager of Shanshan Co., Ltd. is Li Zhihua, born in 1968, who has successively served as the chairman of Dongguan Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and the deputy general manager of Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd., who has successively served as the deputy general manager of Dongguan Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan New Material Technology Co., Ltd., Hunan Shanshan Energy Technology Co., Ltd., Ningbo Shanshan Co., Ltd.
Shanshan Co., Ltd. stated on the investor interactive platform on February 10 that there is no kinship between the senior management of the company and the actual controller of the company.
"Fund E Account" is here. The China Securities Regulatory Commission authorizes the development of all funds under the name of investors to achieve collection and query-Economic Observation Network-professional financial news website.
Economic Observation Network reporter Chen Shan fund purchase channels complicated account information collection is not easy to collect.
Always forget the "small treasury" or something?
These problems of Gibeon are about to be solved.
On February 10, the CSRC announced that the "Fund E Account" APP was put on the shelves of various mobile app stores and launched a public trial run.
According to reports, the "Fund E Account" provides individual investors with a "one-stop" query service for public fund accounts and share information, aiming to solve the pain points of small and medium-sized investors forgetting accounts, querying cumbersome and other industry services.
According to Wind data, by the end of 2022, there were 156 public fund managers in China, with a fund management scale of about 26 trillion yuan. There are 167 public fund share registration institutions and 411 public fund sales institutions.
The account system of each share registration institution is independent of each other, and there is a lack of unified inquiry channels in the industry.
Some people in the industry said that at the end of 2021, there were more than 7 fund investors in China. 200 million people, that is to say, half of the country has invested in fund products.
Previously, investors needed to check the purchase situation through different sales agencies, and through the "fund E account", they could check the purchase situation of all sales channels. The fund holding situation was clear at a glance.
What is the "Fund E Account" app?
According to relevant documents, the "Fund E Account" APP is a mobile application of the public fund industry portal developed and constructed by China Clearing with the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, which can provide investors with one-stop query on the off-market share holdings of public fund products in the whole market.
Through the "Fund E Account", investors can easily and quickly grasp the holdings of off-market shares of public fund products purchased by fund managers through various sales channels in the whole market, and comprehensively improve the inquiry efficiency.
Specifically, the information that investors can query through the "fund E account" includes information that is included. Information on fund accounts opened with public fund managers across the market, trading accounts opened with public fund sales institutions, and over-the-counter shares of products such as publicly offered securities investment funds and collective asset management plans established and managed by securities companies are not limited to 200 people.
Liu Yiqian, head of the business of the Shanghai Securities Fund Evaluation and Research Center, told the Economic Observer Network that investors can obtain one-stop access to all their holdings of funds through the "Fund E Account" App to help them retrieve "forgotten assets". More importantly, it has realized the collection of comprehensive fund investment information for customers in all accounts, helping customers to grasp their own investment situation in a more timely, accurate and complete manner, so as to better optimize their own fund portfolio allocation and better plan their own financial arrangements.
How to register to use?
The reporter noticed that at present, the "Fund E Account" APP has been put on the shelves of mobile application stores such as Huawei, Apple, Xiaomi, OPPO, vivo, etc., but the APP is still in the stage of public trial operation. You need to fill in the invitation code. Investors can contact the fund manager of the fund they hold to obtain the fund.
The customer service staff of a large and medium-sized public fund in Shanghai provided a 6-digit invitation code to the reporter of the Economic Observer Network, and told the reporter, "During the trial operation of the APP, China Settlement provides a certain number of invitation codes to each fund manager. Call and get it. We will provide investors with a call to get it. We will provide investors with a 6-digit invitation code to obtain it. We will provide investors.
After the trial run is over, the invitation code will not be needed when opening user registration.
”
The reporter registered the account and completed the inquiry according to the relevant documents for downloading and using the "Fund E Account" published on the official website of the CSRC. The whole process took only a few minutes and was mainly divided into four steps. user registration, real-name authentication, fund account binding, public fund inquiry, public fund inquiry.
After passing the real-name authentication step, click the "assets" fund binding button, and all fund products purchased by reporters through various fund sales platforms are presented in the binding option list ( accounts can be bound) . After completing the binding, you can intuitively see the total assets of the invested fund and start using the query function.
It is worth noting that the "Fund E Account" only provides inquiry services for investors, and cannot carry out redemption transactions.
The data date displayed in the "Fund E Account" is generally the date on which the user makes the query ( T day), which is pushed forward by three trading days.
For example, if you open the "Fund E Account" on February 10th, the corresponding date of the total assets, fund shares, and fund net value displayed on the asset page is pushed forward three trading days from that date, that is, February 7th, that is, February 7th.
Copyright Notice The above content is the original work of the Economic Observer, and the copyright belongs to the Economic Observer.
Without the authorization of the Economic Observer, reprinting or mirroring is strictly prohibited, otherwise the legal responsibility of the relevant actors will be investigated according to law.
Copyright cooperation please call. [010-60910566-1260]
The same resistance to the Communist Party of China, the United States, Japan and the Philippines reached a defense consensus.
Asia  On February 9, Philippine President Bongbong Marcos visited Japan for talks with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.
The two sides reached a consensus on opposing the CCP's invasion of the South China Sea and the East China Sea. After the meeting, the leaders of the Philippines and Japan issued a joint statement stating that they will conduct substantive defense exchanges and oppose the CCP's hegemonic policy by signing a trilateral defense agreement with the United States.
According to Japanese media, Fumio Kishida hopes to use the meeting to help Japan and the Philippines establish policies against the Taiwan Strait crisis.
Marcos visited China in early January this year and won an agreement worth $20 billion.
But after that, China-Philippines relations not only did not improve, but declined.
Earlier this month, the Philippines signed an agreement with the United States to open more bases to the US military to ensure security in the South China Sea.
The newly added base is 300 kilometers away from Taiwan and is also the closest to China.
If there is a crisis in Taiwan, the US military may launch operations from bases in the Philippines.
Japanese media believe that Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Australia and even the Philippines are now forming an axis with the United States to build an "arc against the CCP" in the Western Pacific to promote regional cooperation.
Xia Liyan, vice chairman of the Kuomintang, conveyed Song Tao's words during his visit The Green Camp is welcome to visit the mainland under the 1992 consensus.
During this visit, Xia Liyan, vice chairman of Taiwan's Chinese Kuomintang, met with Song Tao, director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council of China, and Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee.
In an interview with Taiwan's Central News Agency last night, Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the National Affairs Foundation, an official organization of the Kuomintang, positively commented on Song Tao's statement to Xia Liyan that as long as he agrees with the "1992 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence, China welcomes green camp people to visit the mainland.
The Kuomintang commented that it was a new thing.
Xia Liyan met with Song Tao earlier that day news did not mention this statement.
Taiwan's ruling Democratic Progressive Party has clarified for days that it refuses to accept the 1992 Consensus.
According to the Central News Agency today, Xia Liyan, vice chairman of the Kuomintang, led a delegation to visit the mainland. During his stay in Beijing, he met with Wang Huning, member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, Song Tao, the new director of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council, and Yin Li, secretary of the Beijing Municipal Party Committee, and Yin Li.
Xia Liyan met with Song Tao and talked about the political basis of the Kuomintang's "92 Consensus" and anti-Taiwan independence. Zhao Chunshan, a senior adviser to the Kuomintang National Government Foundation, said at the meeting that the Kuomintang's "92 Consensus" is the original "92 Consensus". The "92 Consensus" of the Kuomintang is the original "92 Consensus".
Zhao Chunshan analyzed that this is different from the previous meetings he participated in.
In recent video talks with academic circles in mainland China, as well as this one, we did not hear Taiwan-related scholars talk about military unification and the "Anti-Secession Law." Instead, we resumed exchanges and dialogue.
Zhao Chunshan pointed out that the war between the two sides of the strait is fierce and dangerous, and the Chinese mainland hopes to convey its intention to improve relations through the Kuomintang.
Because there is no mutual trust between the Democratic Party and the Communist Party of China, the other side is still willing to do a good job in dealing with the Taiwanese, and the representative does not want cross-strait relations to be damaged.
According to Zhao Chunshan, Wang Huning also personally instructed Song Tao that "you must implement the demands put forward by them ( Taiwan farmers and fishermen) ." If it cannot be resolved comprehensively, individual cases should be handled.
The report did not mention whether Kuomintang visitors to the mainland mentioned in person the daily harassment of Taiwan by Chinese military aircraft and warships, the agricultural and fishery issues in a few counties and cities in Taiwan, and whether reporters from the Central News Agency asked such questions in interviews with reporters from the Central News Agency.
French trade unions have once again staged a rally against the government's retirement reform plan.
On Saturday ( February 11), French trade unions once again launched a national mobilization against the draft government pension reform, calling on people to take to the streets to express their views.
This is the fourth day of action of the social trend against the draft reform of the government pension system.
And how many people respond to the rally call could influence the union group's next course of action.
This is the fourth time in a month that France's eight largest trade union groups have jointly launched a national mobilization, and the first time the protest has scheduled a rally on Saturdays.
Given that Saturday is a public holiday for most French people, and they do not have to choose between taking part in demonstrations and protests, or going on strike with payroll deductions, trade union groups hope that today's rally will attract more people to participate.
Neither the subway bus system nor the union of the public railway company called for a strike today. The bus system should be able to operate normally. Citizens can take buses to the rally site. At the same time, in areas where schools have started winter holidays, people can take normal holidays.
Trade union groups are hoping for more than a million people to attend the rally today, while police expect between 600, 000 and 800, 000 people nationwide and 90, 000 to 120, 000 in the Paris metropolitan area.
Since the start of the anti-government pension reform protests, although polls show that the majority of French people do not support the measure to raise the legal retirement age from the current 62 to 64, the number of people actually taking to the streets has gradually decreased.
The first strike demonstrations on January 31st gathered 1.27 million to 2.5 million people across the country.
The number of demonstrators on Tuesday ( February 7) has shrunk to between 757, 000 and 2 million across the country.
The pension reform plan is currently being discussed in the French National Assembly.
Numerous amendment proposals have been submitted by opposition parties, especially those led by the radical left, so that the review process has moved very slowly.
And the debate between the government and the opposition has become increasingly fierce and sharp.
A lawmaker from the radical left-wing French Unyielding party recently circulated a picture of himself stepping on a balloon with the head of the labor minister on social media, sparking protests from the ruling party over a protest that sparked from the protests of the labor minister.
The Speaker of the National Assembly eventually announced a 15-day ban on the MP from parliamentary activities as punishment for such behavior.
Although the reform plan has triggered the largest social upsurge in France in more than 20 years, so far, although the government has made slight adjustments to the draft, it has not made any major concessions.
Trade unions are already preparing to launch another action next Thursday, the 16th, and they plan to organize demonstrations when the draft reforms are sent to the Senate for discussion on March 7th, and they plan to organize demonstrations.
China encourages raising fertility rates to universities to push sperm donation quality standards high.
China's Yunnan Provincial Human Sperm Bank issued a publicity on the 9th, soliciting sperm donations from college graduates or students. Successful donations of 8 to 12 times can receive a subsidy of 4, 500 yuan.
According to Taiwanese media reports today, the message rushed to Weibo hot search on the same day, and triggered many provinces and cities such as Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong and Beijing to follow up the initiative.
China encourages college students to donate sperm, according to a signed report by the Free Times, which encourages college students to donate sperm.
Among them, Beijing has the highest threshold for sperm donation. In addition to academic qualifications, it also requires a height of more than 170 cm, correct facial features, no obvious hair loss, and myopia degree not higher than 600.
According to the report, the Yunnan Provincial Human Sperm Bank pointed out that sperm donors can get a full set of male medical examinations worth 1, 000 yuan, "especially semen and chromosome testing, most people have never done, which is of great significance to understand their fertility status".
Conditions for sperm donors include those with a height of 165 cm or more, college degree or above, no color blindness, color weakness, hepatitis B and other genetic diseases and infectious diseases.
The report quoted China Tianmu News as saying that the human sperm bank in Shaanxi Province printed a promotional poster of "paid sperm donation, infinite glory", calling on young people to respond to sperm donation, and encouraging netizens to forward relevant messages and "let love pass", "let love pass on".
The price in Shaanxi Province is higher than that in Yunnan. Qualified people can receive RMB 300 in cash each time. Donors who complete a certain number of sperm donations can receive a subsidy of RMB 5000.
At present, the highest known price is Beijing, with a maximum subsidy of 5150 yuan.
East Germany's last communist chancellor has died today.
The successor to the East German Communist Party reported in a statement, "Last night, Hans Modrow left us at the age of 95.
As a result, our party has lost an important leader.
”
On November 13, 1989, four days after the opening of the Berlin Wall, which separated East and West Berlin for 28 years, Modrow said he would help turn East Germany into a democracy.
At the time, Communist Party leaders were forced to step down as protesters across East Germany demanded democracy and freedom.
After the Soviet Union came to power, Mikhail Gorbachev demanded changes in Soviet-dominated Eastern Europe as well.
In March 1990, Modrow announced the first and only free elections in the German Democratic Republic ( GDR) .
As a result of the election, he no longer served as prime minister.
Despite Modrow's reforms, opponents accused him of trying to delay the political change and unification that took place in October 1990, which occurred in October 1990.
He has also been criticized for trying to reshape, rather than abolish, the secret police.
In 1993, Modrow was convicted of electoral fraud in the May 1989 municipal elections, but did not go to prison.
The allegations are said to be politically motivated.
Modrow continued to serve in the German Parliament from 1990 to 1994 and was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004, from 1999 to 2004.
Modrow sees himself as a reformer and wants to change the Communist Party from within.
In 1999, he told Reuters he did not want the old East Germany to return, but said its achievements should be recognized.
Modro was born in 1928 in the then German town of Jasenitz ( now Jasienica, Poland) and trained as a mechanic.
During World War II, he served as a platoon leader in a youth fire brigade and towards the end of the conflict became a member of the Nazi militia Volkssturm, which recruited men between the ages of 16 and 60 to fight in the final war struggle.
At the age of 17, Modrow was captured by Soviet troops and taken to the Soviet Union as a prisoner of war, where he took anti-fascist courses and became a staunch Communist Party member.
In 1949, the year East Germany was founded, he returned home to find a job as a mechanic and went on to study social sciences and economics, earning a Ph.D.
Modrow was a staff member of the Free German Youth Movement, which almost all young East Germans joined, and rose through the ruling Social Unity Party ( SED) to become president of the Dresden Regional Party from 1973 to 1989. party chairman.
He also served in East Germany's parliament for more than 30 years.
In 1990, Modrow became the de facto leader of East Germany, holding the highest state office.
Iran marks revolution anniversary as pro-protest hackers hack president's televised speech.
The Islamic Republic of Iran held an official rally on Saturday to mark the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, but anti-government hackers briefly interrupted President Ibrahim Lacy's televised speech.
The president's live televised speech was interrupted on the Internet for about a minute, and the logo of a group of anti-Iranian government hackers with the name "Edalat Ali" appeared on the screen.
There was also a voice shouting "Death to the Islamic Republic" as well.
Hackers interrupted state television coverage as Iran marked the anniversary of its revolution, Reuters reported today.
As Iran officially commemorates the 44th anniversary of the Iranian revolution, Lacey's hardline government faces its boldest challenge yet from young protesters demanding their ouster, but Lacey still calls on "deceived youth" to repent so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader so they can be pardoned by Iran's supreme leader.
Nationwide protests continue to sweep across Iran following the death of Mahsa Amini, 22, in the custody of the country's morality police in September.
Iranian security forces have launched a deadly crackdown on protests in one of the most powerful challenges the Islamic Republic has faced since the 1979 revolution overthrew the 2, 500-year-old monarchy.
Iranian authorities on Friday released jailed dissident Farhad Mesami and Iranian-French scholar Fariba Adelha on hunger strike as part of an amnesty to mark the anniversary of the revolution.
Earlier Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei issued an amnesty that included some prisoners arrested during recent anti-government protests.
As of Friday, 528 protesters had been killed, including 71 minors, human rights group HRANA reported.
Another 70 government security personnel were killed, the report said.
As many as 19, 763 protesters are believed to have been arrested.
For weeks, Iranian leaders and state media have called for a vote at Saturday's rally to show opposition to the government's protests and support for them.
On the evening of the anniversary of the Iranian Revolution on Friday night, state media displayed fireworks as part of a government-sponsored celebration, with people chanting "Allahu Akbar" and "Allahu Akbar".
( God is the greatest. ) "
However, many at the rally could also be heard shouting at "death to the dictator."
And "Death of the Islamic Republic" in videos posted on social media.
On Saturday, government television broadcast live footage of official rallies in states across the country.
In Tehran, domestically produced anti-ballistic missiles, drones, anti-submarine cruisers and other military equipment were displayed as part of official celebrations.
President Lacey's speech was frequently interrupted by chants of "Death to America" - a signature slogan at state rallies.
The crowd also chanted "Death to Israel".
Reuters said Adelkhah, who has been in prison since 2019, is one of seven French nationals detained in Iran, a factor in deteriorating relations between Paris and Tehran in recent months.
She was sentenced to five years in prison in 2020 on national security charges.
They later placed her under house arrest, but in January she returned to prison.
Adelkhah has denied the allegations.
Mesami's release comes a week after supporters warned that he was at risk of death as a result of his hunger strike protests.
He was arrested in 2018 for protesting against mandatory headscarves.
The French Foreign Ministry responded to Adelkhah's release on Friday by calling for her freedom to be restored, "including that she should be allowed to return to France if she wishes to do so."
”
The balloon incident has rubbed America's nose in it even more.
Strengthen restrictions on technology exports to China.
The Wall Street Journal reported today that after the balloon incident, the United States is preparing to further tighten technology exports to China.
Current and former security officials said the balloon incident highlighted the national security threat posed by China and would garner more political support for strengthening US technology protection.
The United States said the balloon carried antennas and sensors for intelligence gathering and communications.
According to Martijn Rasser, a former senior CIA official now at the Center for a New American Security, a Washington think tank.
"This undoubtedly adds fuel to the fire and supports the views of the hardliners on China."
White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters on Thursday, "We will also consider broader actions to expose and respond to China's larger surveillance activities, which pose a threat to our national security and to our allies and partners.
U.S. officials say they have informed the governments of more than 30 countries about the balloon incident and that international coordination is crucial to countering the Chinese threat.
Emily Benso, a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that in addition to the actions of the Biden administration, the newly established Ad Hoc Committee on Strategic Competition between the United States and the Communist Party of China in the United States House of Representatives may also pressure the United States to take more stringent measures to slow down China's development.
Members of Congress will feel increasing pressure to take a tougher stance, which in turn could force the White House to adopt tougher policies, she said.
Many advocates of stricter export controls are also pushing to expand them to include industries such as artificial intelligence, the Wall Street Journal said.
The U.S. government is also already working on a foreign investment review program to examine U.S. investments abroad for potential national security threats from China.
Analysts said the White House could face calls for a faster rollout of the plan, analysts said.
Earthquake relief in Turkey and Syria goes on night and day.
Rescue teams from dozens of countries have been working around the clock to free survivors buried under the rubble of thousands of destroyed buildings since a powerful earthquake struck Turkey and neighboring Syria.
In freezing temperatures, they often appealed for silence as they struggled to hear any sounds of life from the dilapidated concrete piles.
Two more women were rescued from the rubble days after surviving the quake, Reuters reported today.
However, the death toll from the quake climbed to 24, 150 people.
The death toll in Turkey stands at 20, 665 and more than 3, 500 in Syria.
Monday's 7th was held. The 8th magnitude earthquake, which continued with several strong aftershocks in Turkey and Syria, was the seventh deadliest natural disaster of the century, surpassing Japan's 2011 earthquake and tsunami and approaching the 31, 000 deaths caused by the 2003 earthquake in neighboring Iran.
A similarly powerful earthquake in northwestern Turkey in 1999 killed more than 17, 000 people.
Rescuers rescued two women from the rubble of collapsed buildings in Turkey after they were trapped for 122 hours following the region's deadliest earthquake in 20 years, Turkish authorities said Saturday.
Another injured 55-year-old man, identified as Masallah Cicek, was rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in Diyarbakir, Turkey's largest city in the southeast.
In freezing temperatures, rescuers often called for silence as they struggled to hear any sounds of life from the dilapidated concrete piles.
Crouching under concrete slabs and whispering "Inshallah" - "God bless" - in Turkey's Samandag district, rescuers cautiously reached into the rubble to rescue a 10-day-old newborn, who was 10 days old, from the rubble.
With his eyes wide open, baby YagizUlas was wrapped in a warm blanket and carried to a field hospital.
Video images showed first responders also taking his mother, who was dizzy and pale on a stretcher but conscious.
Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay told reporters overnight that 67 people had been rescued from the rubble in the past 24 hours and that a total of 31, 000 rescue workers had been deployed in the affected areas.
He said about 80, 000 people were being treated in hospitals, while 1.05 million people were left homeless by the quake and crowded into makeshift shelters.
Questions have grown among the public about the response of the leaders of both countries to the disaster relief effort, as many people lack food in cold winter conditions.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad traveled to a hospital in Aleppo with his wife Asma, according to Syrian state media, reportedly the first time he has traveled to the affected area since the earthquake.
Earlier, the World Food Program said it was running out of stocks in rebel-held northwestern Syria as the state of war complicated relief efforts.
Erdogan, who visited Turkey's Adyaman province on Friday, acknowledged that the government's response had not been as fast as expected.
Opponents seized on the issue to attack Erdogan, who is up for re-election in a vote to be held on May 14 but could be delayed because of the disaster.
Anger over delays in the delivery of aid and the start of relief efforts could affect the election, Reuters said.
Even before the earthquake, voting was seen as Erdogan's toughest challenge in his two decades in power.
Erdogan called for unity and condemned what he called a "negative campaign for political gain".
Turkey's main opposition leader Kemal Kilidaroglu criticized the government's response.
"The earthquake was big, but worse than the earthquake was the lack of coordination, lack of planning and incompetence, " the criticism said.
”
Hanoi - During a visit to Brunei Darussalam, Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife visited the University of Brunei Darussalam ( UBD) on the morning of February 11, according to a special reporter of the Vietnam News Agency.
The University of Brunei is the largest higher education and scientific research center in Brunei and ranks third in the regional university rankings.
The University of Brunei is one of the symbols of Vietnam-Brunei cooperation in education and training.
The University of Brunei officially established a partnership with FPT University in Vietnam in July 2013. The main area of cooperation is English training.
In addition to foreign languages such as English, French, moral education, Japanese and Korean, the University of Brunei also includes Vietnamese in its teaching curriculum.
During a visit to Brunei University, Vietnamese Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife exchanged views with Vietnamese language class students.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh is pleased that more and more foreigners like to learn Vietnamese, and then make positive contributions to promoting Vietnamese cultural characteristics and local people around the world.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh expressed his belief and hope that the Vietnamese language faculty at the University of Brunei will become stronger and stronger. The students of the Vietnamese language class are becoming more and more interested in the Vietnamese language, studying hard, being able to use fluent Vietnamese as soon as possible, and becoming messengers of the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also communicated via video with Vietnamese students who are learning English at the FPT-UBD Global Center in Da Nang to learn about their learning, especially during the epidemic.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh believes that the partnership between Vietnam's FPT University and Brunei University, especially the FPT-UBD Global Center, is a vivid symbol of Vietnam's educational partnership with Brunei.
At the same time, it is hoped that the students of the center will make greater progress in their studies and make positive contributions to the friendly and cooperative relations between Vietnam and Brunei.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh spoke highly of the achievements of the two countries in educational cooperation during discussions with the Minister of Education of Brunei and the leaders of the University of Brunei, including the cooperation between FPT University and the University of Brunei, as well as the initiative of the University of Brunei to include Vietnamese in its curriculum.
Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng hopes that the University of Brunei will continue to focus on ensuring the quality of Vietnamese language teaching and further expanding the size of Vietnamese language classes.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also spoke highly of the positive results of the cooperation between the two countries based on the memorandum of understanding on educational cooperation signed in April 2014, which was based on the memorandum of understanding on educational cooperation signed in April 2014. It is recommended that Brunei continue to provide more scholarships and effectively carry out various short-term exchange training programs, such as, for example, short-term exchange training. Global Discovery Programme, Discovery Year and so on.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh highly appreciated the University of Brunei's establishment of its first branch in Southeast Asia in Vietnam. I believe that the development scale of the university in the region and the world is becoming stronger and stronger. Further expand cooperation with Vietnamese institutions of higher learning.
Taking this opportunity, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng and his wife planted a commemorative tree on the campus of the University of Brunei and left a message in the commemorative book.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh wished that the University of Brunei would continue to develop, contribute more and more to Brunei's education, and carry out deeper and wider cooperation with various education and training institutions in Vietnam.
( End)
Vietnam News Agency.
Hanoi ( VNA) - The official visit of Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and his wife to Singapore and Brunei has been a complete success with comprehensive, practical and concrete results, VNA correspondents reported.
During his three-day visit to Singapore and Brunei, Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng participated in more than 30 different activities.
The achievements have injected new impetus into the continuous development of the strategic partnership between Vietnam and Singapore and the comprehensive partnership between Vietnam and Singapore towards deeper, broader and more effective directions.
During his visit to the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh continued to reiterate the foreign line of the Vietnamese party and country, that is, independence, pluralism, variety, willingness to be a good friend and reliable partner of all countries, and a responsible member of the international community.
Strengthening relations with Singapore and Brunei is the need of their respective countries, committed to enhancing the well-being of their peoples, and committed to peace, stability and development in the region and the world.
At various meetings and talks, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh and the leaders of Singapore and Brunei agreed to continuously enhance political mutual trust with Vietnam through high-level delegation visits, effective bilateral cooperation mechanisms and important cooperation agreements.
Many cooperation documents were signed during the visit.
Among them, the Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership signed with Singapore and the Action Plan for Strengthening Vietnam-Vietnam Comprehensive Partnership for the period 2023-2027 signed with Brunei are two major highlights.
Vietnam and Singapore signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Green and Digital Economy Partnership.
The picture is from Vietnam News Agency.
During meetings with business leaders, symposiums or attending economic forums, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh emphasized that Vietnam welcomes and creates convenient conditions for Singaporean and Brunei enterprises to expand their investment scope in Vietnam's digital transformation, green energy, high-tech, innovation and creativity and other fields.
The visit will not only help deepen cooperation between Vietnam, Singapore and Brunei in various traditional fields such as politics, diplomacy, economy, security, national defense, education and training, oil and gas, tourism, and people-to-people exchanges, but also create a framework for cooperation between countries in new potential areas such as digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development, and create a framework for cooperation in new potential areas such as digital economy, green economy, energy transition, innovation and creativity, smart cities, and sustainable development.
Brunei's King Hassanal Bolkiah and Prime Minister Fan Mingzheng are preparing to enter the bilateral symposium.
The picture is from Vietnam News Agency.
During his visit to both countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh arranged time to visit and listen to the thoughts and wishes of the local Vietnamese community living there.
During the meeting between the leaders of the two countries, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh suggested that the authorities of the two countries pay more attention and create favorable conditions for the local Vietnamese community to be treated fairly, have the opportunity to contribute to the local society, and foster bilateral relations.
The proposal has been agreed and supported by the leaders of both countries.
In particular, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh also shared with the leaders of the two countries the desire for a united, peaceful, stable and prosperous ASEAN community of unity, peace, stability and prosperity. We have agreed to maintain solidarity and cooperation with ASEAN countries and enhance ASEAN's central role in the complex and volatile regional and international situation.
With the important achievements achieved, Prime Minister Pham Minh Thanh's official visit to Singapore and Brunei has made positive contributions to the effective implementation of the external line prioritized by the 13th National Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam to strengthen relations with ASEAN neighbors, the effective implementation of the 12th Conclusion ( 12-KL/TW) of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam on Overseas Chinese Affairs in Vietnam under the New Situation, and the exertion of the power of national unity.
( End)
What exactly was the "object" shot down over Alaska?
Confusing, speculation in succession.
The U.S. military once again used its most advanced stealth jet fighter, the F-22, to shoot down an unidentified object flying over Alaska on Friday afternoon ( February 10) .
It was shot down ten miles off the coast of Alaska.
This is the second time in less than a week that the US military has shot down an airborne object.
On Saturday, a spy balloon from China was destroyed near the coast of South Carolina after drifting in U.S. airspace for several days.
The second downed object entered U.S. airspace for the first time Thursday night and was tracked by the U.S. military as it moved over northeastern Alaska at an altitude of 1, the Pentagon said. It is 20, 000 meters ( 40, 000 feet) and is about the size of a small car. It is much smaller than the Chinese spy balloon that was shot down earlier.
The Pentagon also believes there is currently no indication that the object is manipulable.
John Kirby, strategic communications coordinator for the White House National Security Council, said on Friday that while the exact shape of the object flying at high altitude was unclear, it "posed a legitimate threat to the safety of civilian aircraft."
Bryant said the object, unlike the spy balloon found in the United States, did not have a "payload" hanging from it.
"We call it an 'object' is the best description we can make right now, " Bryant said.
President Biden took advice from the Pentagon before ordering the shooting down of the object, and he made the decision "very carefully, " Bryant added.
The official U.S. description of the object could be roughly summarized as such. The size is equivalent to a car, there is no joystick, no suspension device, and the flight height is about 10, 000 meters.
But this information does not yet answer basic questions, such as what exactly the object is, which country it belongs to, and what mission it is performing.
At present, many online analysis and speculation suggest that this may be another Chinese balloon.
It probably came from China, like the spy balloon that invaded U.S. airspace and the Chinese balloon that floated over Latin America on some sort of mission in different locations.
Others have linked this "object" in Alaska to "unidentified flying objects" ( UFO) .
Former U.S. Rep. Peter Meijer tweeted on Friday, "I wish this' Unidentified flying object 'was also a spy balloon and not a legitimate UFO."
"The irony of conflating an alien spacecraft with a weather balloon is surprising, but it's not worth starting an interstellar conflict, " Major said.
Major's tweet came shortly after Bryant confirmed that the object in Alaska had been shot down.
Newsweek said Major was not alone in suspecting the object was a UFO.
Rep. Tim Burchett, a Tennessee Republican, criticized the administration's cover-up last month and asked the Office of the Director of National Intelligence ( DNI) to release a report on "unidentified flying objects."
I can't believe Amazon's customer service attitude.
I guess few people see it here, but I have to say a little bit about it.
This dress was a zippered hoodie when we bought it, and in the end it was a short-sleeved one for me.
Immediately after receiving the clothes, I got in touch with Amazon customer service. At that time, I confirmed that the clothes were still in stock. I asked for a replacement, and the customer service said to solve it. Then I immediately saw that the product name changed to short sleeves. It turned out that the link I bought was removed from the shelves.
Then the customer service notified either to retain a certain amount of compensation for the goods or to return the goods.
So that's how Amazon handles it.
It's really hard to believe that the wrong clothes are not my problem. As a consumer, I asked for the goods I should get, and I didn't make any exaggerated requests. Amazon changed its name and said it had no inventory.
This is my first long review and hopefully it won't be my last.
An incomprehensible sleeve.
It is said to be cowhide, and it is indeed relatively hard, but if you look closely, there are many small cracks in the local area, and it is not clear whether it is genuine leather. In addition, the sleeves of this dress are really incomprehensible. Usually the sleeves of the jacket are longer than the clothes. Some, but usually only 1-2 cm. This dress is 5 cm long, and the arms should naturally droop at the palm of the hand, but the sleeves of this dress cover the fingers.
Buying clothes is easy, and returns are easy.
But I really don't know when to refund the money.
The workmanship of the clothes is good, because the version is small, so I have to return the goods, but after returning the goods, more than a week has passed, and I have not received a refund yet.
And the buyer has to contact Quanfeng Express, whose integrity is not very good, which is the worst shopping since buying Amazon items.
But the store is still good, actively cooperating with the courier to urge the timely refund, but the real work of Quanfeng Express is quite infuriating, procrastinating for about half a month before refunding, this kind of partner is to drag Amazon's hind legs, poor work efficiency, no sense of service, no service, but the work of Quanfeng Express is quite infuriating, procrastinating for about half a month. This kind of partner is to drag Amazon's hind legs, poor work efficiency, no sense of service, no service, no service, but not the sense of service, this kind of partner is going to be able to hold back, poor work and no sense of service, but the work of the full peak express is not good.
It is more suitable for young people.
99 seconds to kill.
The workmanship, color and feel of the wool pants are good, the softness/thickness is moderate, and there is no kerosene smell.
Unfortunately, the version is thin and more suitable for young people.
3XL, with a flat waist circumference of 2 feet 5 and a maximum stretch size of 4 feet. It is 1 foot. Wearing 79/80kg at the waistline, the waist is a bit tight.
It seems that there is no elastic band around the waist, and it is difficult to loosen the waistline.
Plus, it's uncomfortable to wear next to your body.
Very good. The color is not very bright.
I just bought it and it went up by more than 200. That's what's going on.
The first time Amazon used the cooperation of bad delivery every day, the first delivery was not at home, and then took the initiative to make an appointment with the courier for two delivery times, the courier did not deliver, and then directly returned to me, this damn courier has no integrity, strongly recommend not to use that bad delivery every day. It is strongly recommended not to use that bad delivery every day again.
This time, I also returned a T-shirt, and the price increased by more than 100 yuan.
Amazon's self operated products should not appear like this.
When the product is on sale, the price is not low, and the reviews are also very good products.
When I actually received the product, I was stunned. The surface of the product was worn in a large area, and there was wear in many other places. It was either a defective product or an old product. Later, the picture above showed that it was old.
I applied for a return, and when the manufacturer saw the picture, they said it was caused by transportation. Isn't this nonsense?
How can the interior of a commodity be worn?
There are only two possibilities, either defective and old, or I deliberately damaged the product and took it back.
Objectively speaking, I have no evidence to prove that I did not damage the goods, but in terms of my credit history of shopping on Amazon, I think such goods should not appear in Amazon's own products. Customers choose Amazon's own products to trust, customerwin, wewin. Customer's victory is the manufacturer's victory. I hope everyone will work together to improve, thank you, thank you!
I use this product less than a year, there are two E2, I do not know how to deal with it, I do not know how to deal with it.
I bought this product on July 30, 2015, but in March 2016, red E2 often appeared in the two groups on the right side of the receiver. It should be a problem with the transmitter module. This is not consistent with the continuous work of the transmitter module mentioned on the Amazon website. It can not find after-sales service on the Amazon website. I don't know what to do now. I don't know what to do about it. I don't know what to do.
It's okay.
The first purchase was bad.
Doesn't feel like new.
The label on the box was torn, and the label on the fuselage was also broken.
And the screen is always white.
After changing, it will be fine.
The exchange was quick, a little blurry at night, and the viewing angle was not very wide, but it was enough for ordinary household use.
The disadvantage is that I don't have a card, I bought it myself, and I have bought a mobile phone from Amazon before.
There will be a sticker on the package to prevent the package from being opened. This time, there is no. When you buy a mobile phone, there is a sticker-like chapter that can be attached to the warranty card. This time, there is no sticker. This time, there is no such thing as.
I don't know if things are cheap and not available, I'm very confused.
Waiting for vendor response.
There is no mark on the package. I called the supplier directly and said that it was genuine if there was no mark. If I suspected that the leftover materials could be mailed to Johnson & Johnson for inspection, I also left the license plate number and phone number. I promised to send a text message to inform me to enter my information into the warranty card on Johnson & Johnson's official website. I haven't received a text message yet.
I received the oil in the morning and changed it in the afternoon.
Second purchase.
Amazon's own products are still very reassuring.
The master who changed the oil said that the oil was clear and it was indeed good oil
Because it is the second time to buy.
So I'm still very relieved.
Express delivery is fast, packaging is not picky, with this oil, the sound of the engine drops obviously, and the sound of the engine drops significantly.
Good cost performance, it is difficult to find synthetic oil below 200.
Support the star crown, support the winning card, and effectively protect the car.
Amazon Japan has seriously damaged the interests of buyers due to customer service problems ( 8c caterpillars are shipped as 8cm caterpillars) ( 8c = 14cm, 8cm = 2c) .
Admitting mistakes, but constantly passing the buck, always emphasizing that the goods are third parties and cannot bind third parties.
Order number 503-4265464-1830254
The page size options I originally purchased were 7c, 8, and 9c. At that time, I thought it was a trap. I called the Japanese-Asian Chinese customer service and clearly informed that 8 was 8c. However, when the product returned to China, I found that it was only 8cm. I think this is completely a trap deliberately set to pit Chinese people ( according to Amazon's after-sales service) . Now there is no such option on the viewing page.
Chinese customer service. Sorry for the loss, we give you two ways to go.
1. If you return the goods, the buyer will bear all the freight.
2. If you do not return the goods, we will compensate you 1, 000 yen.
( I calculate the account, shoes more than 4000 yen, counted as 200rmb, choose 1, I do not have shoes, the loss is 200 yuan in the 200 yuan.) .
Option 2, I have shoes, finally compensated me 2, 000 yen, the final loss in 150rmb customer service. We have recorded it, and we will deal with it seriously. We replied to an email the next day, saying that I do not accept mediation from Chinese customer service, and that it was over.
And I offered that. When the purchase page has confusing options such as 7c, 8, and 9c, the Chinese customer service helped me tell me that the commonly used codes in Japan do not come with c, similar to 140, but did you go to other caterpillar pages to see them?
Both US and Japanese codes have mixed standards.
Besides, why did you put 8cm between 7c and 9c? It's the smallest size. What do you mean by putting it there?
Chinese customer service. We provide Chinese service, but we don’ t know that you are going to ship it back to China, so we will not compensate for your shipping cost.
I don't understand this logic again. I am Japanese, and I still need Chinese customer service. China living in Japan doesn't need Chinese customer service either. Tourists to Japan don't have that kind of kung fu to make international long-distance calls. Then the question arises. Who needs to call Amazon overseas to buy Chinese phone calls, nothing more than a Japanese Tao like me.
Isn't Amazon Chinese customer service just these people who are convenient for us overseas shopping?
This purchase is not very satisfactory.
This is the second time to buy Pampers diapers from Amazon. I once bought a box when my baby was 2 months old and chose diapers imported from Europe. The first purchase experience was satisfactory. The baby used a diaper all night. It can indeed meet 12 hours without changing diapers.
But this time I bought L-size diapers, and there are 2 packs in a box packed separately. After opening it, I feel that the paper is relatively loose, which is obviously different from imported Pampers. After using it for my baby, it is OK. There is no leakage of urine and there is no sign of rash.
But by the second pack of diapers, the baby's inner thighs immediately developed a rash after starting to use them, which has not yet faded yet.
I suspect that the quality of the 2 packages in 1 box is not the same.
Should not continue to buy in the future.
Hope to attach importance to the transportation protection of parcels.
This is the worst packaging and transportation I have seen since I have been shopping online for so long. There are no protective measures at all, such as cushioning foam, wrapping cushioning layer materials, etc., nothing is possible.
Just a deformed box.
Moreover, the soft plastic box inside was packed, and the card box was pressed open and deformed.
I hope that the quality of the authentic product is guaranteed, and I will not dare to buy things from Amazon in the future.
I'd rather be half as expensive at home and have some security.
Moreover, the issue of product packaging has been commented on since 2016. Now, in 19 years, it has been the same.
It shows that Amazon does not attach importance to service feedback at all, and it is too far away from domestic JD.com and Tmall.
Nice, but with a little pity.
The color of the whole cup is my favorite, orange-red. Although my family is a male treasure, I still think orange-red and yellow are very eye-catching.
It's smaller than I thought, but it's meant to be taken out, so it's acceptable.
I took it home and tried it last night. After the bottle cap was pushed open, the distance between the straw and the cap was too close. Because the position of the straw was positive and vertical, my son always had to hold the protrusion on the cap to drink water. I wonder if this place can be improved.
It seems that it makes sense for other brands of straw cups to tilt the straw. Children's things really care about safety and comfort.
Lightweight and large capacity.
I like that it is lightweight and has a large opening, but the two separate compartments are a bit redundant for me. I don't know what to pack.
After buying it, I found that there is another brand very similar on the overseas purchase of Meiya. It is less than 200 yuan.
Fake goods, fake ones are particularly powerful.
Amazon sells counterfeit goods, and I am also convinced.
The customer service said that it cannot be returned because it was used. How can I know if it's a fake if I don't use it?
Because of trust, so sad, after all, is to wipe the face of supplies, really go to the physical store to buy it, recognize the valuable point.
Because it is a second kill, I did not read the comments. I have submitted it to the e-commerce platform of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce. Let's defend our rights together.
It broke.
Fake goods.
In short, tragedy.
When using the second piece, the pores were fine, but as soon as I opened it, there was a strange smell. I thought it was normal, because I hadn't used this one before, and then I couldn't stand it when I put it on my face. The smell was very punchy and indescribable. I smoked to the point of coughing out immediately. My eyes were also very painful and tears flowed. I immediately took it off and washed my face.
Do not believe in evil and opened a piece of the same, not so heavy taste, now is applying to the paint is now applied.
In retrospect, it smells like shoddy perm water in a hair salon.
It's really unimaginable that Amazon's own skin care products will have to be avoided from now on.
Profiteers.
At the time of purchase, the activity page said that the "Complete Works of the Three-Body Problem" would be given as a gift for 99 yuan. When I received the goods, I didn't have this gift. I called the customer service and said that I would show them the screenshots of the event at that time. The question is who bought things and saved the screenshots of the webpage. You also need customers to provide you with the activities you have done yourself. Buyers should keep an eye on it next time and save evidence.
Feel after use.
The first time I bought something on Amazon, I felt a few points respectively. Let's talk about the feeling of using up the product first. The first thing is really painless and there is no stimulating taste. Generally speaking, it is very good. After waiting for about 8 minutes, it will fall off after wiping it off, but there will be a small amount of hair residue on it. You can't see it without looking at it in detail, so it's generally good. As for using it once after that, you have to continue to observe it. If you continue to use it, you will know that you will know that if you continue to use it.
Anyway, I think this thing is really good.
The second order was placed from the 27th and received on the 12th for a total of 15 days, that is, half a month. Amazon's delivery staff also had a good service attitude.
Third, don't believe Amazon's Black Friday. If you place an order on Friday and wait for 2 days, it will be nearly 12 yuan cheaper, that is, I bought it for more than 170 yuan ( plus freight and so on) . There is a feeling of raising the price when engaging in activities.
What did the customer service say about price fluctuations? I have been following the price for more than 10 days, and it's just like this. The fluctuation is not big.
Affordable, Japanese origin, with Chinese labels, with particles, absolute repurchase.
There are particles in the paste, the refreshing feeling is just right, the teeth are smooth after use, which is much stronger than a second-hand Dongqiang, where it is said that it is imported, but many things do not have Chinese labels, I do not know from where wholesale. I do not know where wholesale.
In the future, as long as Amazon has it, it will never go to second-hand East again.
Give me a suggestion, why can't I print orders on Amazon's app sometimes? I hope to improve some applications and do better and better.
Excellence has been getting worse and worse over the years, and there is no service quality at all.
Garbage Excellence Special delivery time 19:00-22:00 when placing an order regardless of customer needs.
Because there are elderly people at home who are inconvenient to stay in bed after surgery, it is only convenient to receive the mail at night.
As a result, it was delivered directly to the door at 12 noon, and it was not told in advance by phone.
If the delivery time is whatever time your courier wants, why pretend to make a time for customers to choose.
If your own logistics can not guarantee the service, then simply do not do e-commerce.
Let an old man with 3 wounds on his body get out of bed and open the door to collect the express delivery, and he has to find change to pay for it.
Clearly there is a contact number on the order.
From the beginning to the end, no one called to give an explanation.
Joyo.com's so-called complaint customer service is a bunch of outsiders pretending to be there, perfunctory about your complaint and then giving you a so-called reply.
No change or compensation will be made.
Before also encountered this kind of problem similar to the wrong delivery time also put up with, but this time can not stand, too much points, too much, too much.
After the pre-sale of the new book arrived, the cover and back cover were reversed, so there was an obvious quality problem, so I closed my eyes and sent the book to the customer like this.
Leave a bad review and no one will contact you if you leave it on.
Excellence has been getting worse and worse over the years, and there is no service quality at all.
Won't spend another dime on excellence.
Image quality is simply unacceptable.
As a title like "Ancient Atlas", the selection, typesetting, and printing of pictures in this book are really unacceptable. Some pictures even have mosaics, which are too blurry to be recognized.
Even if this book is not a professional atlas, even if it is illustrated in small format, it should be worthy of the magnificent medieval literature left by the ancestors in the catalogue.
( Moreover, many pictures can get clear original documents from relevant industry resources.) What is the difference between using such pictures to piece together books and not using pictures?
I feel sorry for such a scholarly spirit.
The text is not evaluated, and the Fang family has their own distinctions.
Overall 2 stars.
When I read this book in the second year of high school, I just read and played with boredom. I feel that I should not indulge in such a book. After all, the online articles of the starting point were not very attractive to me in the past.
Then it just closes the window.   It fell into the pit.
According to this plot, the whole book is relatively relaxed and pleasant. When Ye Xiu was still in the online game in the first part, even the intrigue between the guilds was often caused by the blood of God Ye, which was not heavy at all.
As for the part of the game, I wrote a little sadness about the change of times and the alternation of old and new ( maybe I am sentimental) .
Reading the whole book took me a lot of study time in the second year of high school, but I just couldn't stop.
Full-time description of characters and emotional lines is very amazing, some characters are only occasionally brought, but also leave a deep impact on people, such as Ye Xiuhuang Shaotian Su Mucheng, who is described more emphatically, has a large number of fans, while characters not in the writing center, such as Jiang Botao Chu Yunxiu, are also very popular. In an e-sports cool article, people can't find a character that is extremely annoying. This is a full-time success in character description.
On the emotional line, there is no such thing as the 30 million beauties in the harem that are criticized by ordinary online articles or rotten problems. Everyone's feelings in the full text have one thing in common, that is, they like the game of glory, and most of them want to win fair and square.
Small measurements have no big conspiracy, everyone looks so simple and cute.
This may also be why there are no annoying roles full-time.
Full-time IP is very large, also thanks to this.
Leaving aside the cultural phenomenon of online articles, full-time is a good book.
How much he will really provide people with some blood, a little touched a little bit.
In April this year, full-time anime will be made.
In fact, I have been wanting to buy this set of books for a long time, because my wallet is never thick enough, and then when I wanted to buy it, I found that fakes are rampant on tb. In fact, full-time recently released another version. I really like the cover picture, but I still plan to buy the old version first, so I read it on Amazon and bought a set at once. I bought a set at once.
Next, let's briefly talk about the situation of the goods.
● The plastic seal of the fourth book is not available, but the book is a new one.
● The seventeenth book plastic seal is in but was opened, the texture of the book is also very strange feeling that there is no other hardness.
● The 23rd book is the same as the 17th book, but it is also harder than the 17th book, but it is very old.
● Individual books have different publishers as if 23rd and 17th are the same publisher, different from other books.
● As a whole, I am quite satisfied. 24 books are a large box, which is very satisfying.
The lonely little lion was a lonely lion.
When I got the book, I thought it would be as simple as "The Lost Corner". As a result, there were still a lot of words.
I read it three times before I finished reading it to the children, a little lion who can shoot, a little lion who loves to eat fruit juice soft candy.
When I saw the lion eating the hunter, I felt a little uncomfortable. Modern urbanites can't accept the arrangement of being eaten by animals.
Seeing that in the end, this little lion who succeeded in human society lost himself, he was no longer a complete lion, nor a complete human being.
In the end, there was only the back of the little lion. I don't know where he went.
Perhaps many years later, the image of this little lion will remain in the impression of the grown-up children, and it will be remembered inadvertently one day, which may touch or inspire her.
Cost-effective portfolio.
1. I didn't know TASCHEN before. I bought a lot of their books recently. The reason is that they are too tough, whether it is the topic selection or the production itself.
This work has been published in three versions, the largest version and the Michelangelo complete works, are close to 50 cm long and 34 cm wide. The middle version is about 36 cm long and 23 cm wide. This edition is the smallest, and it comes with a two-volume book edition with a book box.
Personally, I think it's acceptable. First, the price is cheap, and more than 700 pages are divided into two books. As a paperback book, it's better to read it. Second, unlike Michelangelo's Complete Works, paintings account for the main body. Leonardo da Vinci's black-and-white manuscript accounts for the majority. For readers with limited budgets and non-art majors, this edition is the highest cost-effective for appreciating paintings and manuscripts. The highest cost-effectiveness of appreciation works and manuscripts is the highest.
2. The explanation of the painting part is great, including composition analysis, draft analysis and historical background ( such as the Last Supper), but I don't know whether it's the printing or the size of the book. Some shaded parts are too deep to see the details. It's a pity that they can't see the details.
3. Compared with Michelangelo's manuscripts, Leonardo da Vinci's manuscripts are much richer in content.
The former is already a genius, while the latter has a wide range of range and high achievements, which is not enough to describe as a genius.
If you had only seen half of Leonardo da Vinci's paintings before, you would have no language after reading the manuscript.
Rubbish, whoever buys it regrets it.
Never give bad reviews, this sincere garbage, bought a waste of money God horse, give a reason to give a reason.
1. Travel time is not accurate, suddenly it becomes January 1st, time returns to zero.
2 Inferior belts, not silicone, with wrist allergic blistering.
3. Often unable to connect to the phone.
4. The battery life is only five days.
5. Sleep detection does not show up, time is 0.
6. Not waterproof.
7. other
Logistics is too slow.
It shows that it arrived on October 16th, but it was only received on the 21st. Bad review.
The delivery is too bad. Shopping on Amazon is already slow. I didn't expect it to be so slow.
Overall satisfaction.
At first, I was worried about the packaging of the camera, but this time it was okay. There was an inflatable bag inside. The camera had the same three codes. It could also be registered on the official website. The number of shutters was 0, and the rest could only wait for time to be checked.
The delivery speed is quite fast. I would like to complain about the courier here. The valuables are placed in the concierge and go very fast. I can't open the box for inspection in front of him. I am really speechless about this.
The merchant did it for the sake of the customer before shipping:)
The merchant is more responsible, specifically calling to ask about the screen size of the camera used, and really thinks about the customer for the sake of the customer.
Shipping speed is also fast.
The diamond film is also quite suitable and effective when applied.
The battery is not fully charged.
The machine is really good. I would like to ask why it is not fully charged from the first time it is charged. The charging indicator is always red.
At present, the official feedback channel of Amazon cannot be found, so feedback can only be found in the product evaluation.
1. On March 29th, I purchased the book for 31 yuan through the pre-order channel, indicating that it will be pushed to the device on March 31st. At this time, the book cannot be previewed on Amazon's official website ( because it has not yet been released) .
2 The content of the book pushed to the device on March 31 is blank, only stay tuned, and the price of the electronic version of the book on Amazon has been reduced to 18 yuan.
3. Over the past two days, repeated attempts to delete the downloaded blank book on the device and synchronize it again have failed to obtain the electronic version of "The Essence of Business" containing the actual content, but Amazon's official website has been able to preview the book.
At present, I have a few thoughts.
1. The issue of price is actually not the most important, the key is how to replace the blank book on the kindle with a book with actual content, instead of downloading it forever and saying "stay tuned" are all "stay tuned".
2 Pre-ordered books should not be bought again in the future, after all, in case of a jump, and then download a book with empty content, the procedure looks very complicated.
3. I hope that Amazon can provide a normal channel for feedback on such issues. When you have doubts about the download or use of e-books, you can have local feedback ( work orders and online customer service are OK, you can refer to how Microsoft's official mall does it) .
Not very recommended reading.
I read it a long time ago, and I happened to see it. Write something from memory and feel it after reading it.
This book is not so much a collection of short stories as a collection of fragments of life about love.
The tone of this book is extremely plain, as plain as boiled water, the pursuit of simplicity of words and sentences to the extreme, and the plot is like a summer afternoon street, quiet and plain.
Each short story is a silhouette of a short period of time in ordinary life, with no beginning and no endings.
Finally collected together, titled What We Talk About When We Talk About Love,
I think this collection of novels, as well as its title, is like a kind of performance art. What the author wants to express is that love is not only the joys and sorrows on the stage, the sea is dry and the rocks are rotten in urban legends, and it is not just the glue of you and me. Love is not only the above nor should it be represented by the above. Love is also a plain life like water, boring day after day, but also the helplessness of life, the escape of reality, and the loss of the future at a loss.
As you read this book, your mind may recall the quarreling couple next to you, the dull marriages of people you know, and unhappy relationships.
That's why I don't recommend reading it, from an aesthetic point of view, the writing and plot of this book are dull, and unless your life is rough or as sweet as living in a candy castle, you have to read it with the feeling of being surprised and bored or boring.
From the depth of thought, the daily plot does not brighten one's eyes or expand one's thinking and vision ( this is different from Márquez's Love in the Time of Cholera), and the short clips do not explore any questions, such as what kind of mistakes lead to the failure of love.
The breakdown of the protagonist's marriage comes from those reasons.
So I don't recommend reading this book. It doesn't make much sense to read it or not.
The author's ideas are expressed more through technique and genre than storyline, which is also the reason for the poor reading experience of this book.
Suitable for rough reading, not close reading.
The logic of this book is good, but the content is not full enough.
It explains what and why many sales theories are, but it is weak in terms of how to do it. It only points out the direction but does not give specific practices.
Plus, the book feels like a patchwork.
For example, there are both domestic and foreign; there are well-known entrepreneurs or salesmen and unknown people.
I don't know if the story is compiled for example, but it will be more convincing to cite some cases experienced by the author himself.
Change the title of the customer or customer.
The title is still the customer, the text becomes the customer, the text becomes the customer.
There are also typos, missing punctuation marks, and incorrect numbering in e-books.
In short, this book is a good choice as an introduction to theory, but it is not suitable for people who are already engaged in sales work and want to improve their sales level.
A quick understanding of the guide to Internet finance.
This book is very shallow, it can be said that it is only an introductory course, which can help you quickly understand the whole picture of Internet finance, but to understand it in depth, you still have to follow the map and dig deep yourself.
And the book was written earlier, and later Alipay WeChat borrowed subsidies to cultivate user habits has not been mentioned. Today's third-party payment share is not so small as mentioned in the book.
Nowadays, many people go out to eat with just a mobile phone. Merchants have also abandoned UnionPay because of the high flow of banks.
But I am still very grateful to the author for writing this introductory book. It can be seen that the author has at least many years of experience in financial observation and is very familiar with the history of financial development at home and abroad, so he can write such easy-to-understand content.
It's easy to write tall and empty, but the difficulty is that it's easy to understand in the world.
Appreciate you and want you to know more.
The first factor that determines a person's job satisfaction is not their salary, but whether they are valued and appreciated enough in their work.
According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs theory, after people's basic survival needs are met, the most urgent thing is to meet their psychological needs-hope to be understood, affirmed and appreciated.
Indeed, for Chinese people, most of them are "love you in the heart is difficult to open", even if they have love, gratitude and appreciation, they will not say it in their hearts.
In this book, the author elaborates on five languages of appreciation. words of affirmation, meticulous moments, acts of service, pleasing gifts, physical contact, physical contact.
I think the important thing is not that you know what the five languages of appreciation are, but that you can appreciate and appreciate the people around you, whether they are family, friends or colleagues, from the bottom of your heart anytime, anywhere.
In fact, the closer people are, the more they need appreciation and gratitude, so that our lives will become better.
Learn to appreciate that enterprises can also retain talents to a certain extent and reduce the resignation rate.
Thank you to the translator for bringing us wonderful foreign ideas and the world.
Due to Chinese and Western cultural backgrounds and other reasons, there will be more or less differences between languages. If you have the opportunity to see the author's original version, I believe you will gain more.
Thanks again to the authors, translators and editors for their hard work and hard work.
Suspected shoddy goods, please Amazon strict review.
The quality is super poor, the packaging is loose, there is no weight, and it is not even as good as the roadside stall products. There is no weight, no bar code, and the ten-bag packaging is also loose. It is not a characteristic of qualified products at all. This is Amazon's worst shopping experience and has applied for a return. It's all about quality. It is recommended that merchants keep their eyes open and refuse inferior goods. Supplementary. I also bought Xinxiangyin, 23 yuan/10 rolls in the supermarket, and added several comparative photos to further verify the authenticity of the product. In order to give consumers a clearer reference and avoid economic losses and further unhappy mood.
Again, I hope that Amazon can be meticulous and strictly control the source of goods.
There is a gap between mediocre products and expectations.
Advantages.
1. Big brand, cheap price.
Advantage 2 The motor and blade are guaranteed by PANASONIC, and they are OK to use, but there is a gap between them and my expectations.
Disadvantages
1. There is no indicator light for charging, which saves you the most basic power indicator. It is estimated that customers who buy products for 300 yuan, in the eyes of Panasonic PANASONIC, are also alms and have no respect.
2 There is a strong odor when charging, even if it is only charged for 10 minutes, you can smell the strong smell of plastic burning.
The office tried it out for 1 day, and the whole house smelled like plastic.
Compared with the Philips PHILIPS at the same price I have used before, although there is an extra knife head, the quality of Panasonic's product is really sorry for consumers.
Small package.
When I received the express delivery, I saw that the e-commerce version had fallen into the pit again. It was smaller than the supermarket. It should be M, which is different from the picture packaging above the product introduction. The so-called new version, right?
The three stars blame themselves for not seeing the product specifications clearly. I have no problem with you selling the M-size e-commerce version. What does it mean that your product is not the right version?
E-commerce routines are deep, so I still go to the supermarket to buy them when I have time.
just sauce purple
I don’ t like the taste.
Children don't like the taste of toothpaste very much. They say it spicy every time. Perhaps it is more appropriate to use other words to describe it. For the time being, only this word is in the child's vocabulary.
I bought it during the event and it was very cheap, so I'm sorry to give it a bad review. Four stars, but I won't buy it again.
Genuine yo well packaged.
The packaging is very complete, with an inflatable bag added inside. There are no online reviews, only the appearance of a bare product.
There is also a layer of plastic film on the outer packaging of the bottle, as described in the picture, and the express delivery is also very fast, and it arrived the next day after taking the photo.
It's authentic, but it's out of stock. I don't know when it will be on the shelves again.
A bad shopping experience.
I placed the order on Black Friday, but I waited for a long time and didn't receive it. When I checked later, the package had already been signed for. I asked my colleagues around me and said that they didn't help sign for it. I quickly contacted the courier company, but said that the sender could only initiate the inquiry. I contacted Amazon customer service and waited for more than ten days. I finally figured out that the courier was mistakenly delivered to someone else. After several turnarounds, I finally got the courier back. The outer packaging has been removed, and the goods are still complete. I don't know if they have been used. In short, it's very bad.
Wrong picture.
I thought I could receive headphones like Figure 1, but I didn't expect to receive headphones like Figure 2. Even if the pictures are inconsistent, what does it mean that the sound size of the left and right headphones is different? What does it mean?
Although the names are all the same, I hope everyone can pay attention to them carefully. In addition, I would like to ask the person in charge of Amazon to replace the correct picture in time. Thank you very much.
The operating system is generally like the operating system.
Used for a period of time, the overall picture is OK, do not feel any difference, that is, the system makes people look tangled, boot time is obviously a little slow, can not be set up well, and then the software does not need to be commented on, the response speed that is more general, and colleagues compared to the home that is not an order of magnitude. Compared with colleagues, it is not an order of magnitude.
Look at the comments that very humanized design, I did not find where humanized, remote control this commonly used up and down, return key design position is really not complimentary.
So, let's use it as a TV, plus a TV box or something like that.
The price reduction is too great.
The price reduction is too strong, more than 100 are now 99!
I have accumulated a lot of unevaluated orders on Amazon, so I use a copied paragraph as the evaluation content.
If I use this paragraph to evaluate, it means that this product has at least 85 points or more.
For poorer products, I will never be lazy enough to copy and paste reviews, so that other consumers will use them as a reference when buying, and merchants will therefore improve the quality of the goods.
Low price and good line, this is enough if you don't have a fever.
Such a cheap line, but it should be up to the hdmi certification standard, personally compared to the domestic Akihabara these bullshit things ( the price is twice as expensive), the line body is strong, but also relatively soft, 7 meters transmission without noise, after the low-priced line identified times and times think about the low-priced line in the future.
Things are OK, but Amazon's after-sales service is really much worse than other websites.
After placing the order, I found that the order was placed incorrectly, but the cancellation of the order cannot be cancelled. The wrong link has been displayed on the webpage to contact the online customer service. I can't get in touch with it.
After the goods arrived, the delivery man called me. I said I didn't want it anymore. If I wanted to cancel the order, I didn't cancel it successfully. The delivery man took it back and said to sign for it first and let me apply for a return.
When applying for a return, I told the food category that once I signed for it, I couldn't return it. I couldn't call Amazon customer service. The same is true. I signed for it and couldn't return it.
I have bought items that cannot be returned under the policy in Jingdong and Suning before, including milk, diapers, etc., and contacted customer service to return them. Moreover, after Jingdong's diapers were opened, the smell was too big. Contact customer service to return them. If you don't get to Amazon, you won't be able to return them.
Rules are dead, people are alive, contact your customer service, how to deal with it.
Tell me that either I accept it myself or let the delivery man buy it himself. It is not easy for the delivery man to send him. Why should I let him pay for something that he didn't buy himself? It's not what he bought.
OK, I won't return it either. I'll take it myself, but I have to give your service 1 point.
Advise everyone not to spend money in vain.
First of all, I am looking forward to buying it. I think the Dole brand should not be so bad. After receiving it, I think the packaging is OK and the size is not bad, but there is a box that is basically soft. It cannot be seen from the outside. I want to feel it. There is no taste at all in my mouth. It is faint and tasteless. If you bite open the pulp, it is dark yellow or it is broken. If you sell it with good or bad reference, you can eat less than one-third of it. I advise everyone not to buy it, and it is not cheap. The quality is too cheap.
Eat a pit and gain wisdom, and never buy fruit in e-commerce again in the future.
Where is the product anti-counterfeiting label?
The sharp dent in the bottom corner of the bottle should have been caused by a strong impact. From the outer packaging bag, the degree of ravage is worrying. After all, the food packaging is too simple, and it is still internationally purchased. I haven't seen any obvious anti-counterfeiting signs. It is very easy to open the bottle. The key is that a layer of honey in the lid comes out directly from inside. There is almost no adhesion when there is an opening. Are all foreign products like this?
Born in China, I don't understand a little bit.
It should be authentic, right?
And when I took the picture, I was prompted to arrive on the 20th. This was received on the 14th. I bought it overseas for the first time here. I just wrote down my doubts. Maybe this is all normal.
Delivery service needs to be improved.
I bought a total of 5 delivery vouchers. When I was picking up, I made an appointment to pick up 3 vouchers for the first time, but only 2 vouchers were sent to me. After communication with many parties, it was confirmed that it was a missed voucher. After agreeing, it needed to be reissued. The second appointment, just in time for the rest day, the website and WeChat are not prompted to make an appointment on a working day, causing unnecessary panic. It is recommended to improve in the future.
Nice shopping.
Things are well received.
I still believe in Amazon's self-operated things. Now it is very convenient to buy them overseas. The logistics time to buy them back from abroad is only a few days longer than in China. I have to say that Amazon's customs clearance ability to buy them overseas is still very strong, which is much faster than transshipment. So now a lot of things are bought overseas on buying them. It is much faster than buying them overseas now.
I hope the quality and price of domestic goods can be better. Many things are domestically produced, but it is cheaper to go out and buy them back than in China. I hope to improve.
Garbage.
Seeing such a package, I would like to ask everyone: I don't think it's roadside garbage.
A plastic fragile package is sent from the so-called Germany in a plastic bag. Is such a package responsible?
I think this kind of packaging is the same as packing garbage. When I buy this product, the packaging is extremely simple and there are no measures to prevent damage. I just pack it in a simple plastic bag. After I get it, the package is completely deformed. The items inside are also damaged.
If I just come across one like this, I accept it, and I bought a few like this. I ask Amazon customer service, and the customer service says it can be refunded, but the freight is paid in advance, and then the freight is returned to me in the form of a gift card.
Let me ask, I pay the freight in cash, and you give me a gift card back. This means that I want to buy your gift card by myself, and I have to mail the product to the German warehouse by myself. This is not about buying a product to suffer from the crime.
And I have been telling the customer service that who is responsible for such a problem, but the customer service does not say a word that it is their responsibility, and they dare not even take responsibility for half a sentence. What guarantee is there for such after-sales service? Bottom line: admit defeat. But I estimate that Amazon will not give me the opportunity to publish this review, directly back to delete.
The quality is very good 5 stars, and the logistics is poor.
1. The quality is very good, it is a flash sale, the price is moderate, and it is worth the money.
2. Strong, sufficient material, firm solder joints, proper surface treatment, and good color.
3. Logistics is a flaw. The order placed on the 3rd arrived on the 11th.
4. If Amazon did not indicate that the expected arrival time is February 7th, I may be very satisfied.
5, but marking the expected arrival time is equivalent to giving the user a promise. When the promise cannot be fulfilled, the user is very uncomfortable.
6. If you are not sure of making a promise, please do not make a promise.
7. In fact, I am very concerned about the promises made by the merchants.
8, so I scored low.
The gold thread will fade.
The effect is still there, but whether the feeling is obvious depends on the individual, or the psychological effect.
One thing that is not very good is the gold thread. It was originally designed to look good, but in fact, the gold thread will fade and be placed on the car. If you hold it a few times, there will be some gold dust on your hands and on the car. Some gold dust on the hand and on the car.
I hope the product can be improved.
This square, there is no decorative effect, do not engage in gold thread on it, fall off in the car dirty car is also troublesome.
The items are in good condition and the speed is OK. They are divided into 2 packages and packaged differently.
The speed of 8 days is quite fast, but it is 2 pieces divided into 2 packages, the packaging is not the same, obviously a shock too much, thick cardboard attached, sealed layer of plastic, the outer packaging is also easy to dismantle, one is like a domestic express box, put a few buffer airbags even if it is a matter, feel a little perfunctory, feel a little perfunctory, a little perfunctory, a little perfunctory, a little too shockproof, thick cardboard attached, sealed layer of plastic, the outer packaging is also convenient to dismantle, a little like a domestic express box, put a few buffer airbags, feel a little perfunctory, a little perfunctory, a little perfunctory, feel a little perfunctory, a little perfun
Airland mattress is really good heart.
34CM mattress is not generally thick, do not sleep directly on the mattress can be sleeping on the mattress.
The quality is very good. Whether it is the front or the back, it is quite soft. Sleeping is very comfortable. Lying on it, I fell asleep quickly.
After receiving the mattress, there were some stains in two places due to violent express delivery. Yalan customer service was very responsible and efficient to solve the problem.
It's not a self-operated product. Amazon is shameless and shameless.
The page is clearly marked as self-operated. In fact, it is delivered by the supplier. After-sales is the responsibility of the supplier. If there is a problem, contact the supplier yourself.
Want to cancel the order, sorry, the order information has been passed to the supplier, can not cancel. If you want to return or exchange goods, you have successfully applied for a return or exchange on Amazon. Sorry, no one cares about you. You need to contact the supplier to return the goods by yourself.
What kind of self-operated product is this Nima?
Goods are not Amazon delivery, after-sales Amazon does not bear, customer service actually said "I help you contact the supplier", but also claimed to be self-operated, too shameless, naked shameless, naked fraud to consumers.
A gloomy experience.
The filter element purchased online from another store before has a good filtering effect, and there is no scale after one or two more days after the end of 28 days.
Since the quality of the things purchased on Amazon all the time can be, this time I think about buying here, the first time I buy a filter element on Amazon, I don't feel very good, not only began to have scale early, but also the filter element has been used until the 28th day, there will be suspended small black toner, I really don't know whether to continue to use it, or just throw it away. It's very depressing ~ very depressing~ to throw it away.
Not as good as expected.
Compared with the plugboards I have used in the past, the external workmanship is average, and the interior is not disassembled. I hope that as described by the store, from the perspective of ease of use, there is a lack of display on whether each independent unit is powered on or not.
The packaging is damaged. Wait for time to check the quality of the product.
The outer packaging is badly damaged, and the box inside seems to be new, but the instruction manual does not seem to be new. It was only renovated in September, and the stock is in stock. I hope it will not be broken by then. Please explain why several customers mentioned that the packaging was damaged, but you can rest easy. Thank you, thank you.
Overall good, a little problem.
The first time I bought a water filter kettle, I read several evaluation articles and felt that LAICA was more cost-effective, so I chose this one. I received the goods and installed the filter element according to the instructions. I tried it, and it felt good overall, but when pouring water, it seemed that the raw water would mix with the treated water from the spout ( the raw water tank was not tightly sealed) .
When using it, be sure to wait until all the water is filtered before pouring it out.
The picture is incomplete.
The picture does not show the details of the side, the details of the side are not consistent with the style of the main body, there is a big difference, this is one of them. This bead is made in Thailand, and there is no indication of origin. This is the second place. No indication of texture, this is the three. When I bought it in the UK, it was clear that there were boxes for each item, there was only a simple plastic bag, and there was no product logo on the beads, and I couldn't tell if it was real or fake. How could I tell whether it was real or not?
Be cautious when buying, especially when buying things from Hong Kong.
Amazon customer service sucks.
The order placed two days ago was found to have dropped by 40 yuan when I received it today. It took me a lot of time to find the customer service. The customer service said that they could not make up the difference. They could buy it again and return it.
This kind of customer experience and service is really 10, 000 times worse than that of a certain treasure.
Not bad, as a novice, it's worth getting started.
The appearance is passable, and there is no comparison with the best King Kong. I have seen the price in the mall before, at least several hundred. This is my first time playing King Kong. It's okay to play King Kong.
Things are good.
The things are really good. I sent them to my girlfriend, but I was a little unhappy when I was not in Canada at noon. The logistics company directly put the mail in the treasure and did not send me a verification text message for pickup. I ran twice.
But the baby is really good.
It's worth buying.
The little monkey is cute. Amazon offers great discounts. Zhou Shengsheng's official website ships directly. He placed an order the night before yesterday and received it this afternoon. It's really fast.
Postal couriers are also very responsible.
PLEAAE
A customer's confession.
1 After receiving such defective products, Amazon customer service tells you not to worry, we will contact you in about 54 hours.
2 Then you contact the customer service staff in the middle, they will tell you that the problem will be dealt with by a specialist, and he will inform you of the result.
You can never take the initiative to contact this commissioner, nor do you know her job number, nor do you have a direct contact number, that is, you can not contact her, only she contacts you, only she contacts you.
3 Tragically, after waiting for nearly 3 days, the commissioner contacted me. I left my phone for a while and did not receive a call from the commissioner.
I waited for 2 hours without waiting for the call from the specialist. During this period, I took the initiative to contact Amazon customer service and sent an email to the customer service to ask her to call me back.
4 Nearly 3 days have passed and I still don't know what Amazon will do with the defective coffee machine I received.
5 There is no problem with Amazon's products in the United States. Overseas shopping is a good way of shopping, but it is far worse than the service of Meiya.
For me, I can only continue to wait.
The bottom is uneven.
Because the comments are very good, all of them are looking forward to this pot, and they like it very much when they get it, which is very lightweight, but when they boil the pot, they find the problem. The bottom of the pot is not flat, the middle protrudes, the periphery is concave, and the oil runs to the periphery. The specially bought large fat meat in the pot is fried so much oil that it can't cover the central area. It is pastey, and the pot can't be boiled. It is estimated that such a structure cannot cook normally. It is estimated that such a structure cannot cook normally.
I don't know if I was unlucky enough to get a pot with an uneven foundation. Fortunately, Amazon provides a one-month return service, so I returned it decisively.
I brushed the pot clean and returned it, and I was busy for a long time in vain.
Good product design requires matching manufacturing processes to achieve.
This is a product with a very simple design style.
In the shape of the cube, the designer treats the top into a slightly curved surface.
It's supposed to be very smooth lines.
Unfortunately, the final effect was not achieved.
Because there are two parts at the top, the front is the control panel and the back is the top cover of the water box.
The curvature of the top cover is actually inconsistent with the curvature of the control panel, and after splicing, there is a height difference of about 2mm max.
Although it looks like a very small gap.
But it can be said that the whole sense of design is destroyed.
I feel a little sorry for the product designer.
It seems that Midea's product managers are not yet capable of creating such a level of product.
( Of course, I can't ask too much for the after-sales lady's feedback, but when I heard the after-sales lady say that all individuals of this product are like this, not only the one I bought has a problem, her disapproval and truthful heavy burden made me understand that I can't ask too much for beauty.) On July 7, 2019, the water pump failed and the water output was small. It has been repaired for the second time. It broke down again two weeks after the first repair.
Good deal after the discount, Amazon fake discount is very sad.
The baby is born a week to buy, insulation is super strong, the heat preservation is super strong.
There is no trace of heat on the outside of the pot, that is, it can effectively protect the temperature from being scalded.
The air-conditioned room can still maintain a high temperature after a night.
Amazon said that the anniversary event 320 big discounts, and later found that everyone 249, 289, 299 have, an instant feeling of being cheated, but to go to the supermarket compared it is still much more cost-effective than all kinds of miscellaneous brands at the same price. You can carry it with you when you go out in the future.
Vitamix 6300 Vitamix.
I have been watching for a long time. I see that Meiya 6300 is discounted, and Central Asia buys the same price overseas. Hurry up and start.
The order was placed on September 2nd, and the goods were expected to arrive on the 21st. As a result, they arrived on the 12th, almost 10 days ahead of schedule. The speed is really fast.
The packing box is not big, the original packaging of Vitamix is used directly, and Amazon is not afraid of breaking it across the ocean.
The machine looks quite new and has complete accessories, but the cup shakes so badly on the base that I am afraid that the boot cup will fly out directly.
I asked a friend who has 5200, and it seems that his description is not as loose as mine.
The random recipes are all in English, which is quite tiring to read, and I can't find the Chinese version online. This is a hassle.
After receiving the goods, I quickly bought a transformer. It is estimated that it will arrive in 3 days. Then I will toss it well.
Too small, no umbrella cover, average material.
It's not a tuba at all.
Second Totes, 1 This one doesn't have an umbrella cover 2. The material of the umbrella handle is 3 in general. Obviously writing Large, it is actually a convenient umbrella for one person. It is estimated that two people use it to choke enough.
On the contrary, the one I bought in Meiya before can be used by three people without pressure.
Doesn't feel good.
First of all, the box is not very strong, and it will be deformed if you press it. Secondly, the design of the back can not prevent ABS scratches on the box surface when it is laid flat. Thirdly, the inside of the box is a piece of cloth wrapped and highlighted by the pull rod.  Wait, all kinds of dissatisfaction, finally the zipper is a little rough, a little rough.
PS. The wheels feel really good.
It can also be used.
Advantages. This backpack is sophisticated and looks durable.
Disadvantages The QR code on the card cannot be scanned ( what the fuck), 15 times. The 6 inch laptop won't fit ( can it be a little longer), this backpack zipper can be locked, but it doesn't prepare a lock for the buyer, it is not said that the service is supreme.
Overall okay, I don't know if it's genuine leather or not.
The overall feeling is ok. I don't know if it's genuine leather, so I can't comment blindly.
Can be loaded A4 format documents, loaded 80 pages thick, but too thick and hard box-shaped objects ( can not be deformed) is estimated to be unable to fit.
The bag is very soft, the inner bag separation is also more humane, or quite good.
It's just that there is a small trachoma at the bottom of the one I got. I don't know if it's my bad character or not.
I was too lazy to toss and exchange goods back and forth, so I couldn't bear it.
Overall, four stars are worth it.
ForRoyal is popular all over the world with camera straps and SLR straps.
This strap is designed to be more scientific, hanging shoulders, practical, and the chest is fixed and protected with soft materials, unlike other fast shooters who use screws to fix the bottom of the camera, and it is also very convenient to take off the camera.
Garbage after sale.
The piano I bought a month and a half ago was missing a part. After notifying Amazon, I was given an after-sales phone number. After many communications, the part has not been received yet. What is the efficiency of this?
It is estimated that it will be more troublesome to repair if there is a problem after that. Friends who are looking forward to good after-sales service should take a detour. It is too much trouble to repair.
There are small flaws, the sound is good, the sound is good.
The headstock is defective, one corner is missing, it feels like a defective product, and there are no gifts, but the price is already good, and the sound of the piano is also good.
Not bad, the first noodle order is good.
It took a long time, except for the bass, which was not good in general, except for the bass.
It's just that the workmanship is not as perfect as imagined.
When I bought it for the first time, there was something wrong with it, all the lights were flashing and it didn't work.
I asked for an exchange. As a result, the goods have been in Shanghai for three days, and they have not been delivered yet.
I didn't even answer the phone to the delivery guy.
The courier company said they only have that contact information.
Amazon couldn't find a place to complain.
Did not ask, in the case of delayed delivery, inexplicably delayed delivery according to my request-such a text message came over.
Later on, I will talk about the transit problem.
Anyway, the extremely poor shopping experience began to doubt the effectiveness of Amazon's logistics system and control system.
I don't think I can get it today.
The label is too sticky and not waterproof.
Although the Bluetooth connection is very convenient, the printed content is not waterproof, and the surface is not coated. And the label stickiness is very poor, it is not suitable for cable labels at all, it is very easy to fall off. Friends who buy it for cable arrangement need to pay attention to it.
The pen is okay, but the package is too simple. There is no protection in a paper box, and the box containing the pen is glued with a large piece of transparent glue. After tearing it off, the glue is all on the box.
Six hundred yuan of things are treated like this, a very disappointing shopping is very disappointing.
But the pen is fine.
Hope to improve on the packaging in the future.
If the quality is not said, when it comes to writing, it is not as good as 925-25 when it comes to writing.
First of all, praise Tiantian Express. Air parts are super fast, and the service attitude is also very good.
Have been using 925-25, very good, just received 925-85, the quality of the pen is not said, the style is also very beautiful, the reason for giving four stars is because the pen is a little heavy, not suitable for fast writing, the cap adjusts the length of the lead a little shaking, personal opinion, personal opinion, the personal opinion of the nine25-85, just received a little bit, the quality of the pen is not said, the style is also very beautiful, the pen is a little heavy, not suitable for fast writing, the pen cap adjusts the length of the lead a little bit of a shaking, personal opinion, personal opinion, the pen cap adjusts the length of the lead a little bit, personal opinion, personal opinion. The 925-25 is smoother than the 85.
So he became an Amazon loyal fan.
I bought it at a super discounted price, but the child didn't like the reading pen.
It has been opened and tried to apply for a return, but it is picked up at home for free.
That's awesome.
Returns are not recommended, but such a service is the only one in China.
I hope it will not be abused.
In the future, all the books will be moved to buy here.
Headphone bias and noise, as well as noise.
This headset is really rubbish. I don't know if it's something wrong with my ears or if this headset really isn't as good as before.
I bought a blue one from Yi two years ago. The sound quality is not bad, there is no noise, and the bass is also good. After using it for more than two years, I plan to buy another one ( urbeats) . After all, it feels good.
I saw another purple one that looked pretty good. As a result, I bought this one and opened it today. I felt something was wrong. The sound was loud and the sound was small.
At first I thought it was because of the sound effect of that song and didn't think much about it, but after listening for a long time, I realized that this problem was very serious. Not only was it biased, but the bass effect didn't sound as good as my previous one. There was also some noise. Is this the only purple one I bought that has this phenomenon? Or now the headset manufacturing process is really not working.
Pretty bad review, very disappointed.
Be sure to return it during the day tomorrow.
PS looks good.
This AV amplifier has complex settings, rough exterior workmanship, and high heat generation.
The sound should be used for a period of time before commenting.
Just started the German version of DN1080 on August 14. At first glance, the workmanship is very poor.
1. The front panel and knobs are all plastic.
2 The audio input socket and speaker output terminals on the rear panel are all very poor. Just find a 1000-2000 CD power amplifier all-in-one machine that is much better than this one.
3. The top cover is relatively thin, and my transformer is still dented. I had to open the box and restore it by hand. The combination of the top cover and the front panel is loose.
4. The center of gravity of the whole machine is biased towards the transformer end, which is very awkward when moving.
It feels like an entry-level SONY machine, which is made in Malaysia.
It feels much better that Sony will place the foundry in China than the pony.
5. The machine generates a lot of heat. The top cover of the two channels used to watch a movie takes about 2 hours to touch 40-50 °C by hand. I don't know if the transformer is too large and generates a lot of heat.
Nowadays, switching power supplies are mostly used. This silly transformer is estimated to have 4KG.
Sony should have used a silent fan inside the machine to dissipate heat actively. After opening the box, only the large aluminum plate heat sink on the tube can be seen.
Small expensive.
FANDUNJEEP Clothing Co., Ltd. is a clothing enterprise integrating R&D, design, processing, production, marketing and trade. It mainly produces men's outdoor leisure clothing. It is a young enterprise that is booming.
FANDUNJEEP apparel pays attention to the effective combination of modern information technology and traditional industries, introduces international advanced production equipment, process design and management technology, and builds a first-class apparel production line in China.
Maintain the pursuit of excellence in production and service, quality and brand, efficiency and public welfare, etc.
In terms of information construction, efforts have been made to improve the speed and efficiency of enterprise product flow, logistics and information flow, so that enterprises have been strengthened and improved in terms of comprehensive management capabilities, and the overall level of modern management of enterprises has been improved.
The company adheres to the "integrity, harmony, quality, excellence" business philosophy, products based on the domestic market, favored by the majority of customers.
Van Dun Jeep clothing, because young, so confident, so confident.
We sincerely welcome customers at home and abroad to cooperate and create brilliance together.
Spirit of enterprise. Actively enterprising, keep pace with the times, and service tenet. Customer first, sincere dedication, enterprise mission. Leading the trend and establishing brands.
I haven't opened it.
The battery is working.
I really want to dissect it and see what's in its belly.
Later, I thought that if I was disappointed after opening it, it would be too unfair to spend so much money. If you are satisfied after opening it, it will be difficult to install it again, and it will be uncomfortable to use it.
Forget it, even if Sony uses good batteries, let's say.
As for the detailed description of electricity, most people will feel guilty when they look at it.
I'm fine. I've worked in a mobile phone factory for a long time. In addition to not understanding circuits, I'm also a half battery engineer. I can withstand it.
Overjoyed.
Before I bought it, I was really unsure. Until I opened the package, I felt very positive.
Finally, when I touched the headset cable, I felt very flexible and the quality was so good that I couldn't wait to plug it into my phone and turn on the qq music.
I was amazed that the sound quality was even surround 3D stereo.
I asked in the physical communication store, about 30 or so, but it is definitely not a Pinsheng brand, it is a miscellaneous brand. Therefore, although this Pinsheng is 27 yuan, its cost performance is absolutely worth having.
Worst online shopping experience ever.
After the order was placed on September 28, the system showed that the goods had been shipped, but the goods were still not received until October 12th.
Check the Amazon order status, the seller did not provide the courier number, can not find where the order is where the order is.
So I sent an email to the seller to ask if I could provide the courier number. After two days, I did not reply.
Helplessly, I called Amazon customer service, and the customer service told the seller's mobile phone number. I called the store again. After calling a few times, the phone got through and was told that the express delivery was lost. You can send me another one immediately.
Although I was particularly angry, due to the urgent need for the computer, I didn't tell the seller much. Just send it to me immediately. Good job.
As a result, I called the next day to ask, has it been shipped?
The seller said not yet, it can only be sent in the afternoon.
I called again in the afternoon, and the seller said that it would be delivered after five or six in the afternoon. As a result, when I called at seven in the evening, no one answered the phone.
On the morning of the third day, I called again and asked if the goods had been sent out.
Can you tell me the order number?
The seller said he didn't send it. He told me that if I was in a hurry, I would order from another place. If I could wait, I would send it in the afternoon.
I can't help it. It will take a long time to place an order from another place.
I can only ask the seller to deliver the goods quickly.
Finally, after countless phone calls, I received my computer on October 16th, and that was available on October 16th.
As for the quality of the computer, I don't know, because I bought it for someone else, I will add comments later.
I just bought it for half a year and didn't use it a few times. Now I have bad contact. Can I repair it if I ask if it can be repaired?
Because I have a desktop computer, I haven't used it many times since I bought it.
Just take it with you in your business bag and use it a few times.
Recently, it was found that when the power is turned on, it is not charged. You need to hold the connection between the charger and the cable a few times with your hands to charge it.
It is suspected that the contact at the interface is poor. I don't know if it can be repaired now.
Amazon is strongly advised to stop using EMS
Five stars for goods, one star for logistics, and an average of three stars.
I don't understand why Amazon wants to send EMS, which is recognized by the industry as unreliable. Well, computers are also valuable items anyway.
After buying, the order showed that it was expected to be delivered on the 20th, so the family waited at home for three days at home.
Why does it take four or five days to send from Xiamen to Fuzhou?
On the morning of the 22nd, I checked the logistics and finally arrived in Fuzhou. I was ready to receive the goods happily. As a result, without receiving any phone calls or text messages in the evening, I checked the logistics and found that it was signed at noon. It also showed that I signed for it myself.
I was instantly shocked.
lol who am I Where am I? Did I really buy this computer?
I doubt life, all right?
Finally, I ran to the collection point to move the computer back.
The specific reason is simply because the courier brother reversed the two tracking numbers, but fortunately, the item is not lost, even if it is not lost.
I strongly advise Amazon not to use EMS. If Amazon uses EMS to send express in the future, I will definitely not buy it again.
The goods are not bad.
First of all, just a few days after buying it, I found that the price was reduced, bad reviews, this is not bad, cost-effective, cpu and graphics card are enough to cope with mainstream online games and a considerable number of large stand-alone machines, the heat dissipation is very good, but the screen is a little light leakage ( ips screen common disease), the sound quality is not very good, the hard disk is not good ( it is recommended to spend some money to add a solid state), yesterday I took it to the after-sales testing of the hardware, there is no problem, the win8 I brought with me is not a problem, the win8 I brought with me. The win8 I brought with me was good. 1. It is not very easy to use. It is recommended to upgrade to 10. The seller delivers the goods very quickly, and the answers to various inquiries are also very fast. The invoice arrived the next day after receiving the computer. It's good. Unfortunately, there are no gifts.
( By the way, when buying keyboard stickers, you must not go to a store called E Cool Digital Center in a certain treasure to buy them. The delivery is slow and the quality is poor. If there is a problem with the product, it will not be returned or exchanged. The boss is also full of foul language. Special exposure.)
Things are good, and the platform bureaucracy is still the same.
Hard disk quality is very good, cost performance is absolutely high, cheaper than buying in Hong Kong, do not rush to use and can tolerate logistics if absolutely recommend to buy.
But what I have to say is that the bureaucracy of the Amazon platform is still the same. It has not improved from when I swore I would never use it a few years ago. You will never find out the actual logistics situation. The information will always be delivered in a few weeks, and you can never complain. That's how bureaucratic the platform is.
Goods received a few days, logistics information or 10 days later you will receive the goods in a few days.
Logistics is not easy to worry about.
Delivered in this way, not only the packaging is flattened, but also the packaging of electrical appliances is open. I don't know if there is any package adjustment, and I don't know if there is a switch.
FYI.
I haven't tried it yet. I have always trusted Philips. I hope the battery life will be longer than other brands.
I checked online, it may be a common problem of water ingress, and there is no warranty.
Depressed.
Now wrap it in plastic wrap and continue to use it. I don't know how long it will last.
Buy someone else's opened one.
A machine with a price of more than 300 yuan and a tax of more than 100 yuan is indeed relatively high. I see that now there is more balance in the mind with a price of more than 600 yuan.
When I received it, the state of the sealing tape looked very wrong. It seemed that it had been opened. I quickly took a picture first. Sure enough, it was torn open. After opening, the cardboard inside was still damaged. I was worried that someone else had returned it. I tried it for my husband before the anniversary. As a result, the machine had no electricity at all. Fortunately, there was no beard in the blade. How could I return it far away?
It is unknown whether it is easy to use or whether there will be any problems in the short term. As mentioned earlier, the things sent out when they are out of stock are really unreliable.
The experience is medium to high level.
Almost top-level electric, there are many modes of tooth cleaning, but few people will change different modes of brushing every day.
I haven't had any problems after using it for half a year. I brush it every day, and flush it on Monday for more than 1 Monday.
Brush head accessories are equally cheap to buy on Amazon.
The app is a bit difficult to use. In addition to changing the colors, other seemingly compatible issues are the reasons for the overseas version.
I hope to learn Dafa.
Very cost-effective.
It has been used 3-4 times.
1. The packaging is intact.
2. It is very easy to use and easy to clean.
3. You can DIY haircut to save money.
In summary, a very successful purchase was made.
There are counterfeits.
Last time I bought two packages, they were actually two different versions. Originally, the words in the lower left corner of the package were green, but one pack was not. It was white. As a result, the cat had diarrhea after eating it.
I'm not sure if Amazon's supply is fake or if it was switched by an employee during shipment. I'm not sure if the product is fake or if it was switched by an employee.
I will buy it again. If it is still a fake, I will hold you responsible.
It's a horizontal bar.
The Amazon picture shows a slash, but it turned out to be sent to me with a horizontal bar. Isn't this a scam?
The effect is OK.
Cats like to eat, that's the point of it.
And it does work.
Tight, narrow, hoop feet, grind the instep of feet.
Not recommended.
1. UN is the most comfortable series of clarks, but unfortunately this one is too bad.
Additional. Today, I compared the previous UN series insoles ( the shoes were thrown away and kept for use) . The material is much worse than before. The elasticity is not as good as before, and the breathability is not as good as before. It is fake soft.
2 The instep of my instep is not high and the part of my instep is about 3 centimeters forward at the highest part of the instep.
3. Purchased three pairs of clarks overseas, only one pair is suitable.
I was so scared that I deleted all the fun from my favorites.
Try rockport later. No, we can only go to the ecco store.
Shoddy, poor quality control, poor quality control.
First of all, it is worth affirming that Prime's overseas purchase of Ups is very powerful, and the order placed on the 31st was received on the 6th.
The color of the shoes is much better than the picture, and the leather feels good.
Shoe size is a little larger, 25 feet long 10 feet. 5 Shot 7 Shot 7 Shot. 5W, the upper foot is a little loose, but usually like to wear a little loose, pad a pair of insoles just right, just a pair of insoles.
Secondly, the quality control of this shoe is really not flattering. One sole rubber is damaged, and the other upper has various scratches and a pinhole. The rubber strip at the connection between the upper and the sole is misplaced.
I regret it a little bit.
I bought it for 280 yuan for the event. This price is quite cost-effective to buy Asics. Of course, there are lower prices in the comments.
Now let’ s talk about shoes, the advantages are good. Shoes are very light, running is quite comfortable, but also more fitting, will not be loose and collapsible, will not be loose.
The appearance is very high, but the shortcomings are also very obvious. I usually wear 40 shoes, and I bought 40 this time. 5th, the distance between the front of the shoes and the front of the shoes is about 1 thumb, but this does not affect anything.
These shoes are very "narrow", although there is still a distance in front, they feel tight.
Another point is that the shoes may not be very breathable. Now, I feel that my feet are very hot when I wear them.
Press the instep of the foot.
First of all, the shoes are well made and worth the price.
My feet are very standard, running shoes uk7, etc. 5, EU41, the European Union. 5, shoes uk6, shoes. 5. Amazon's love step also bought a few pairs, and there has never been a problem, but this pair I refer to the comments, buy a large size uk7, after the foot because of the big size length is obviously longer, but because the insole is too thick, or the back pressure of the foot very hard, coupled with the hiking shoes are very hard, resulting in the upper foot is very uncomfortable and very uncomfortable, resulting in the upper foot is very uncomfortable.
If your feet are not particularly thin, this one is not recommended.
If you have to buy it, changing the insole can also solve the problem, but the original insole looks very advanced, and it's a pity not to use it.
A perfect shopping trip.
Very satisfied, very like, Amazon overseas purchases are genuine undoubtedly, the quality is also very good, inexpensive, buy rest assured, after-sales service is very thoughtful, customer service attitude is very friendly and kind, deal with problems patiently and efficiently, perfect solution to worries, matching express delivery is very convenient and safe, delivery master is very considerate for customers, every time will remind you to pick up goods from the express cabinet in time, thank Amazon to provide customers with such a comfortable shopping experience for customers to provide such a comfortable shopping experience for customers. Thank you to Amazon for providing customers with such a comfortable shopping experience. Thank you to Amazon for providing customers with such a comfortable shopping experience.
In short, our whole family loves shopping overseas on Amazon.
Absolutely bad review.
I am really speechless about this agency and Amazon.
Be careful when buying electronic products on Amazon in the future.
Although it has been a long time, I still have to come and spit.
I bought it in a spike in winter, less than 200, and it is useless to keep it at home for a few months.
When I was about to use it in spring, I found that I couldn't connect to the bracelet. Both device manuals expressed support for each other. Later, I found out that it should be a problem with the heart rate belt, because I found other devices and still couldn't connect to them.
I called Amazon and asked me to contact the agency. The agency asked me to send the equipment to Shanghai for testing at my own expense.
After nearly half a month, things were sent back as they were, and even the express box was the one I used when I sent it.
No replies and no receipts and no test reports.
Can you at least tell me whether it is good or bad ah or not?
Call and ask, saying that sending it back in this way means that the equipment is fine and is good.
But why can't I connect? The agency replied. And dat is da storee of them bein' gud gurl.
It's my bad luck that I'm too lazy to be tossed around by you guys for a 200 yuan thing.
Serious goods are not on the right board.
Very wrong board.
The headband material is very good.
Much better than nike.
Breathability is also very good.
Just the hat in front of you.
Very fine.
Are you here to make fun of me?
No sunlight at all.
I don't return it because it works well as a headband.
Wear it upwards though it doesn't cover the sun.
But it's different from other headband styles.
Keep it.
The quality of the goods is good, Amazon lacks the spirit of contract, and the delivery staff is very good.
I request Saturday and Sunday delivery.
Amazon's policy does not allow delivery on Saturdays and Sundays.
As a result, I drove 200 kilometers from other places to pick up the goods.
Amazon, how can I love you again?
The delivery man was very positive and enthusiastic.
Give a compliment.
The product, I tried it briefly and it's not bad.
But I haven't bought similar products before, so I can't compare prices.
Size logistics.
The workmanship is OK, but the logistics is too slow. The previous shoes were all DHL. This time, Apex is really.   I have bought a lot of UA in China, and the price is not low. I feel that the quality is higher than that of NIKEADIDAS.
In fact, they are all the same, okay, so overseas shopping is good.
Size. I am 176CM tall, 68KG, my shoulder width is generally 180 clothes, bought M, hem slightly longer, other wear just right, I see there is a recommended S size, figure so slim? Still like to be nervous. I think the hoodie is better loose.
Just the right size.
Chest size 99, height 184, weight 84 kg. I consulted the customer service before buying and was told that I should buy xxl. Then I read the comments and decisively bought L. After receiving the goods, I found that the size was just right, and I almost got pitted.
The price of Double Eleven is much more expensive than Black Friday.
The quality of the clothes is very good.
Z Affordable Goods Problems are troublesome.
The order placed on the 18th, the goods received on the 25th, the speed of snails from Guangzhou to Beijing, snails.
I bought Z affordable goods, and the description told me that there were scratches, but after receiving the goods, I found that 4 screws and nuts were missing.
The child is not willing to return, thinking that the problem is not big, but accessories such small parts, the child's grandfather ran to several nearby hardware stores did not buy the nearby hardware store did not buy.
Finally, Grandpa glued it on.
It seems that we can't buy Z affordable goods in the future.
Toy processing quality is not good.
Most of the bolt holes are not aligned, the bolt is very difficult, it can be seen that the processing quality is not good, and I do not know how long I can play, because it is something promised to the child, it will not be returned.
Other reviews say it's easy to install. Is this the only one I bought that has a problem?
Very average
Could it be that I am unlucky?
The packaging is too old to handle. The workmanship is very average. There's only one kind of music and it's only 8 seconds long and then it keeps repeating itself. The action is to shake your head and walk forward without any change.
Not worth the price.
If it is in urgent need, it will not be returned.
The quality of the toy is good. I would like to complain about the packaging.
I received the express delivery yesterday. I bought it from Amazon. It was marked as EMS delivery. In the end, it was delivered by Tmall Express. How many turns did it take? Amazon and Tmall have a good relationship.
Let's talk about the packaging again. It's wrapped in plastic wrap for several layers. There's not even a packaging plastic bubble wrap inside. When you open it, all the parts are placed in an empty box. Fortunately, the quality of the toy is good and there are no broken parts. It's much smaller than imagined. Because it's not with batteries, it often derails when pushed by hand. I feel that the gap on both sides of the track is too large, and the design is unreasonable.
Good quality, fun.
It's fun, the components are very precise, the workmanship is exquisite, the quality is similar to Lego, and the price is very favorable when doing activities.
The assembly process is very interesting. I will spell it, and my 5-year-old son will play. It is very good.
He laughed so much that he would probably continue to buy toys of this brand in the future.
The machine is new, and overseas shopping is good.
I took a look at it at Christmas. I bought 150 yuan more expensive before, but now the delivery is a little slower than now.
The machine is still good, all quite new.
Built-in Pikachu.
Then connecting the elf ball will send a dream.
It's not bad to play. It's more portable than ps4.
Already bought Zelda, wait for the game, try again.
Production of rotten goods, sale of rotten goods, the result of rotten goods service, bought six watches to give to children, one of the fast figures is not completely displayed, six pieces of time are inconsistent, the difference varies from more than ten hours to more than ten hours.
I contacted the manufacturer to ask if the watch had a check time in storage. They replied, "Yes." Since there is, why is the time difference so much? It must be that the watch is not accurate. Simply put, it is a water product. It is not what I said that is ugly. Look, the obvious quality problems ( incomplete digital display) are all sold out. Is it junk goods?
I contacted the seller, the seller said a lot of reasons, but also complained that they should not buy their things, such products, such sellers, such after-sales service, who dares to buy things on Amazon in the future?
In short, I suggest not to buy things from this seller, it is also rubbish to buy things.
Amazon shipping issues.
After receiving the goods, the inspection found that they had been found.
1. The packaging of the watch is seriously worn out.
2. There are serious wrinkles in the table instructions.
3. The watch does not go away, and the desk lamp is not charged and used, making it impossible to adjust the time.
4. Contact Amazon customer service separately, and you can only mail it to the United States at your own expense, and then make up the postage.
The reason for the 5 or 2 points is that the customer service is not bad.
I can only say it's okay
The time is not very accurate, about one second faster every day, it has been used for only a few months and it has been more than two minutes faster.
I have used a piece of Citizen before, and I feel that it will not be a few seconds worse in a year or two.
The perpetual calendar function is quite good, the timing function is a little chicken ribs, basically can not be used, and occasionally will be mistakenly touched to enter the timing mode.
Solar sports watch.
Advantages. Solar charging does not have to worry about having to replace the battery, with world time, a variety of alarms and hourly reminders.
Not enough. The mirror surface is easy to scratch and get dust.
Cost-effective ratio The general domestic price is between 220-300, and more than 180 overseas purchases ( it takes about 1 week) .
Very satisfied with the watch.
It must be genuine. I went to the counter to check the goods. The appearance of the watch is very beautiful, the workmanship is fine, the material is sufficient, and it is an imported mechanical movement, so it has a certain weight. It is those three or four hundred so-called mechanical watches that cannot be compared. This is genuine. It is genuine in goods.
The time of the watch is very accurate, and the error is completely within the acceptable range. There is a jewelry appraisal certificate in the packaging of the watch, and the 12 characters on the dial are real diamonds. This is very suitable for you to wear. It is also very face-saving to send out as a gift.
Bentley watches are really good.
Worst shopping experience ever.
On the evening of September 23rd, my wife dropped her mobile phone. On a whim, she immediately came to Amazon to order an 8p. It was in stock but it was not self-operated and there was no price increase ( I was secretly happy) . Due to the slow delivery of non-self-operated goods, the system showed that the latest receipt was expected to be September 27th. The latest receipt will be on September 27th.
My wife died without a mobile phone. She told me to think of something more than 6 o'clock the next morning. Later, I went to Jingdong to see if the 256G was available and could be delivered on the same day. I had to order another one immediately.
When you buy a new one, you want to cancel your Amazon order right away and cancel it.
Since the order was placed in the middle of the night, it is not possible to receive the courier in the early morning. I called the customer service after 7 o'clock and asked to cancel the order. The customer service replied that it has been cancelled. Please wait for the SMS notification to be stopped.
Well, I just waited patiently. When I got on my mobile phone at noon, I saw that the order was still in a state of undelivered. I immediately contacted the customer service and asked to cancel the order as soon as possible. The customer service replied that the OK had been operated.
At 3:00 p.m., I checked on my phone and saw that the order was still there. I couldn't help but contact customer service again and clearly informed them that it had already called for the third time. Please cancel the order and notify the seller not to deliver the goods.
At my request, the customer service contacted the seller on the spot and told me that the seller was not familiar with the system and would have to wait until he was familiar with the system before canceling the order.
But tell me clearly that the seller already knows, absolutely will not ship please rest assured that will not ship please rest assured that the seller will not ship.
When I looked at the order on Monday, it was already shipped, and I was speechless.
Due to the inability to contact the seller directly, we had to call customer service again.
The subsequent processing was simply speechless. Basically, I said a step, and the customer service continued to operate.
So far, the order is still in the state of delivery rejection and is ready to be delivered again.
Won't Amazon take the initiative to follow up?
It doesn't matter if the seller's company collects the money anyway and doesn't follow up.
In summary, large items will never be prepaid in the future. This is too troublesome.
It looks beautiful.
I took a fancy to this camera a long time ago, but I didn't buy it because there were other reasons besides the price. This time, I bought it because it included free shipping and the price was okay.
After buying the other are no problem, is in the software connection, how can not connect, my home is a TP router, after checking the Internet found that many people have this problem, get more than two hours, a variety of changes in the settings of the router, and finally I use 360WIFI as a medium to get it done, during the period of time to Xiaomi customer service call, they do not have any solution to the problem, directly let me contact Amazon for after-sales service. Let me contact Amazon directly for after-sales service.
Another point worth noting is that I saw comments from users on the Internet saying that the minimum memory card supported by this camera is 8G, and smaller storage capacity cannot be recognized. I hope everyone pays attention to this point.
It feels OK to use, the picture is acceptable, but the sound quality is very poor, the machine has a certain degree of heat, if it has been turned on, it feels that this degree of heat is a bit unacceptable.
To sum up, this product still has many shortcomings. I hope you will be careful when buying it.
The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because I bought it with my first love of life. After dating for almost 3 years, I left me last year like this. Until now, I have bought it with my first love of life.
The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because I bought it with my first love of life. Now I don't know how much I use it. Maybe I threw it away.
I have been dating for almost 3 years, and I left me last year like this. Now when I think of her, I want to leave this world with heartache. The first woman in my life has brought me a lifetime of shadows and heartache. So far, I haven't been able to come out.
When buying this mobile phone, think about the two feelings at that time, or can share the joys and sorrows together, but now it is unbearable to look back, life may be like this, some people do not want to meet all their lives, some things do not want to know all their lives, but what can be done?
How many times when I see Samsung mobile phone, I think of her in my mind, and the pain fills my whole body. I have never been willing to use a mobile phone worth more than 2, 000 yuan, but when I bought it for her, I did not hesitate. No matter how nice I was to someone, one day when she changed her mind, all the vows of love and love vanished. All the vows of love and love vanished.
The best of domestic brands.
Huawei is one of the best domestic products.
Low-key bosses and enterprises rely on technology and quality to win customers, which is completely different from the current business atmosphere that relies on advertising to improve visibility.
It is impossible for enterprises without strength to do so, and they dare not do so.
That's why I chose Huawei.
Bought and used for more than half a year, the feeling has been very good, very good, very good.
The reason why I didn't give it a full score was because once when I was using it for offline navigation, there was a non-positioning phenomenon. I didn't find out the reason in the end. Everything else was very good.
And it inputs the destination online. After searching, it automatically designs the route. After leaving the wifi, its automatic offline navigation function is very practical. It does not need to run traffic. It directly talks to the satellite to achieve positioning and navigation. It is very good.
Sony Dafa is good.
Sony's low-end phone is still full of design sense, and the price is cheap, the screen is large enough, and the battery life is excellent. It is very suitable for the elderly to use.
Although a long time has passed, there is still nothing wrong with the machine.
But because my Z2 has been devolved, this phone has also completed its mission.
